AB FCP I Additional Information for Hong Kong Investors Multi-Asset/Asset Allocation Equity Fixed-Income > Dynamic Diversified Portfolio > Global Equity Blend Portfolio > Short Duration Bond Portfolio > Emerging Markets Growth > Global High Yield Portfolio Portfolio > American Income Portfolio > Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio > European Income Portfolio > Japan Strategic Value Portfolio > Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio > China Low Volatility Equity > Mortgage Income Portfolio Portfolio April 2023 AB FCP I (the "Fund") is a mutual investment fund (fonds commun de placement) organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Purchase orders can be accepted only on the basis of the Prospectus of the Fund dated 31 March 2023 (the "Prospectus") and this statement of additional information for Hong Kong investors (this "Hong Kong Supplement"), which together form the offering documents for the Fund for the purpose of marketing Shares of the Fund in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People’s Republic of China ("Hong Kong") (the "Hong Kong Offering Document").

If you are in any doubt about the contents of the Prospectus, this Hong Kong Supplement or the financial statements accompanying this document you should seek independent professional advice.

- 1 -Important Notice WARNING: Please note that the Prospectus is a global offering document and therefore also contains details of funds which are not authorized by the Securities and Futures Commission (the "SFC") for offering to the public in Hong Kong or share classes not available to Hong Kong investors.

Investors should note that the Hong Kong Offering Document of the Fund is authorized on the condition that the Management Company shall ensure that only the share classes of the SFC-authorized funds listed on pages 4 to 6 of this Hong Kong Supplement which are specified as available to Hong Kong investors are and shall be offered to the public in Hong Kong.

It is an offence to offer any non-SFC authorized share classes to the public in Hong Kong unless an exemption under section 103 of the Securities and Futures Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap.

Intermediaries should take note of this restriction.

- 2 -Information for Hong Kong Investors The aim of this Hong Kong Supplement is to set out all the information relating to the Fund and each of its Portfolios that is particular to the offering of the Portfolios to investors in Hong Kong.

Notwithstanding the reference in the Prospectus, the SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures referred to therein will only be available in English upon request with the Hong Kong Representative.

All terms used in this Hong Kong Supplement shall bear the same meaning as in the Prospectus unless the context otherwise requires.

The managers of the Management Company (the "Managers") have taken all reasonable care to ensure that the facts stated herein are true and accurate in all material respects at the date hereof and that there are no other material facts the omission of which makes misleading any statement herein, whether of fact or opinion.

The Managers accept responsibility accordingly.

In the event of any inconsistency between the contents of the Prospectus and this Hong Kong Supplement, the information contained in the latter shall prevail.

Investors should note that the Portfolios are generally entitled to use derivative instruments for hedging and risk management purposes, as well as investment purposes, including, for example, efficient portfolio management and as an alternative to investing in the underlying securities or instruments.

The use of derivatives may involve additional risks.

The Fund was created on 21 August 1991 and its registered address is 2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg.

Authorization in Hong Kong Warning: In relation to the Portfolios as set out in the Prospectus, the following Portfolios are authorized by the SFC pursuant to section 104 of the SFO and hence may be offered to the public of Hong Kong: 1.

Dynamic Diversified Portfolio 2.

Global Equity Blend Portfolio 3.

Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio 4.

China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio 7.

Short Duration Bond Portfolio 8.

Global High Yield Portfolio 9.

American Income Portfolio 10.

European Income Portfolio 11.

Mortgage Income Portfolio Please note that the Prospectus is a global offering document and therefore also contains information of the share classes which are not authorized by the SFC.

No offer shall be made to the public of Hong Kong in respect of unauthorized funds.

The issue of the Prospectus was authorized by the SFC only in relation to the offer of the above SFC-authorized funds to the public of Hong Kong.

Intermediaries should take note of this restriction.

SFC authorization is not a recommendation or endorsement of the Fund or the Portfolios nor does it guarantee the commercial merits of the Fund or any Portfolio or its performance.

It does not mean the Fund and the Portfolios are suitable for all investors nor is it an endorsement of its suitability for any particular investor or class of investors.

- 3 -The following classes of shares are offered to the public of Hong Kong1: 1.

Dynamic Diversified Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A EUR H Class AX Shares# AX USD, AX EUR Class BX Shares# BX USD Class C Shares C USD, C EUR 2.

Global Equity Blend Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR Class B Shares* B USD Class C Shares C USD, C EUR 3.

Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A HKD, A SGD, A AUD H, A SGD H Class B Shares* B USD Class C Shares C USD, C EUR, C AUD H Class I Shares I USD, I EUR, I AUD H 4.

Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A HKD, AD USD, AD EUR, AD HKD, A AUD H, A SGD H, AD AUD H, AD CAD H, AD EUR H, AD GBP H, AD NZD H, AD SGD H Class C Shares C USD, C EUR, C AUD H Class I Shares I USD, I EUR, ID USD, I AUD H, ID AUD H 5.

Japan Strategic Value Portfolio Class A Shares A JPY, A EUR, A SGD, A USD, AD JPY, A AUD H, A EUR H, A NZD H, A SGD H, A USD H, AD AUD H, AD NZD H, AD SGD H, AD USD H Class C Shares C JPY, C EUR, C USD, C EUR H Class I Shares I JPY, I EUR, I SGD, I USD, I EUR H, I USD H Class S and S1 Shares S JPY, S1 EUR, S1 USD, S EUR H, S1 USD H 6.

China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A HKD, AD USD, AD HKD, AD AUD H, AD CAD H, AD EUR H, AD GBP H, AD NZD H, AD SGD H Class B Shares* B USD, B EUR Class C Shares C USD, C EUR Class I Shares I USD, I EUR 7.

Short Duration Bond Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A2 USD, A2 EUR, A2 HKD, AT USD, AT EUR, AT HKD, AA USD, AA HKD, A2 EUR H, A2 SGD H, AT AUD H, AT CAD 1 Different minimum investment and additional investment limits apply to different classes of shares denominated in different currencies.

Investors should refer to the Prospectus for details.

Classes S and S1 Shares are reserved for institutional investors.

- 4 -H, AT EUR H, AT GBP H, AT NZD H, AT SGD H, AA AUD H, AA CAD H, AA GBP H, AA NZD H, AA SGD H Class B Shares* B USD Class C Shares C USD, C2 USD, C2 EUR H Class I Shares I2 USD, I2 EUR, IT USD, I2 AUD H, I2 EUR H, IT AUD H Class S and S1 Shares S USD, S EUR H, S1 EUR H 8.

Global High Yield Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A2 USD, A2 EUR, A2 HKD, A2 SGD, AT USD, AT EUR, AT HKD, AT SGD, AA USD, AA HKD, A2 EUR H, A2 SGD H, AT AUD H, AT CAD H, AT EUR H, AT GBP H, AT NZD H, AT RMB H, AT SGD H, AA AUD H, AA CAD H, AA EUR H, AA GBP H, AA NZD H, AA RMB H, AA SGD H, AA ZAR H Class B Shares* B USD, B2 USD, BT USD, BT AUD H Class C Shares C USD, C EUR, C2 USD, C2 EUR, CT USD, C2 EUR H Class I Shares I2 USD, I2 EUR, I2 SGD, IT USD, IT HKD, I2 AUD H, I2 EUR H, I2 RMB H, I2 SGD H, IT AUD H, IT CAD H, IT EUR H, IT GBP H, IT NZD H, IT RMB H, IA AUD H Class S1 Shares S1 USD, S1 EUR Class W Shares WT USD 9.

American Income Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A2 USD, A2 EUR, A2 HKD, A2 SGD, AT USD, AT EUR, AT HKD, AT SGD, AA USD, AA HKD, A2 EUR H, A2 SGD H, AT AUD H, AT CAD H, AT EUR H, AT GBP H, AT NZD H, AT RMB H, AT SGD H, AA AUD H, AA CAD H, AA EUR H, AA GBP H, AA NZD H, AA RMB H, AA SGD H, AA ZAR H Class B Shares* B USD, B2 USD, BT USD Class C Shares C USD, C EUR, C2 USD, C2 EUR, CT USD, C2 EUR H Class I Shares I USD, I EUR, I2 USD, I2 EUR, I2 HKD, I2 SGD, IT USD, IT HKD, IT SGD, IA USD, I2 EUR H, I2 SGD H, IT AUD H, IT CAD H, IT EUR H, IT GBP H, IT NZD H, IT RMB H, IT SGD H, IA AUD H Class W Shares W2 USD, WT USD, WT HKD, WT GBP H, WT SGD H 10.

European Income Portfolio Class A Shares A EUR, A USD, A2 EUR, A2 USD, AT EUR, AT USD, AA EUR, A2 SGD H, A2 USD H, AT AUD H, AT GBP H, AT SGD H, AT USD H, AA AUD H, AA HKD H, AA RMB H, AA SGD H, AA USD H Class B Shares* B USD, B2 EUR, B2 USD Class C Shares C EUR, C USD, C2 EUR, C2 USD, C2 USD H, CT USD H Class I Shares I2 EUR, I2 USD, IT EUR, IA EUR, I2 AUD H, I2 USD H, IT SGD H, IT USD H, IA HKD H, IA SGD H, IA USD H 11.

Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A EUR, A2 USD, A2 EUR, A2 HKD, AT USD, AT EUR, AT HKD, AA USD, AA HKD, A2 EUR H, A2 SGD H, AT AUD H, AT CAD H, AT EUR H, AT GBP H, AT NZD H, AT SGD H, AA AUD H, AA CAD H, AA EUR H, AA GBP H, AA NZD H, AA SGD H, AA ZAR H Class B Shares* BT USD Class C Shares C USD, C EUR, C2 USD, C2 EUR, CT USD, C2 EUR H Class I Shares I2 USD, I2 EUR, I2 EUR H, IT AUD H, IT SGD H Class S and S1 Shares S USD, S EUR H, S GBP H, S1 EUR H, S1 GBP H - 5 -12.

Mortgage Income Portfolio Class A Shares A USD, A2 USD, A2 EUR, A2 HKD, A2 SGD, AT USD, AT EUR, AT HKD, AT SGD, AA USD, AA HKD, AT AUD H, AT CAD H, AT EUR H, AT GBP H, AT NZD H, AT SGD H, AA AUD H, AA CAD H, AA EUR H, AA GBP H, AA NZD H, AA RMB H, AA SGD H Class AX and A2X Shares# AX USD, AX EUR, A2X USD, A2X EUR Class BX Shares# BX USD, BX EUR Class C Shares C USD, C2 USD, C2 EUR Class CX Shares# CX USD Class I Shares I USD, I EUR, I2 USD, I2 EUR Class IX and I2X Shares# IX USD, I2X USD # Classes AX, A2X, BX, CX, IX and I2X Shares are no longer open for subscription by new investors, except to the existing shareholders holding the relevant Class of Shares as more particularly described in the Prospectus.

* All Classes B, B2 Shares and Class BT Shares (and corresponding H Shares) are no longer open for subscription by new and existing investors.

However, investors may request the exchange of their holdings of Classes B, B2 Shares and Class BT Shares (and corresponding H Shares) for the same share class of another AB-sponsored Luxembourg-domiciled UCITS fund authorized in Hong Kong for retail distribution or otherwise available through an AB authorized dealer in Hong Kong.

Hong Kong Representative The Hong Kong Representative of the Fund (the "Hong Kong Representative") is AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited of 39th Floor, One Island East, Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road, Quarry Bay, Hong Kong (Tel: +852 2918 7888 and Fax: +852 2918 0200).

Investment Manager’s Delegate As disclosed in the section headed "Investment Management" in the Prospectus, the Investment Manager may sub-delegate certain discretionary investment management functions to entities within the AB Group, and such entities may, as the case may be, have investment discretion when implementing the investment strategy for a respective portfolio in conjunction with the Investment Manager.

In this connection, the following entities are appointed as the Investment Manager’s delegate(s) ("Investment Manager’s Delegate(s)") of the following Portfolios: Investment Manager’s Delegate(s) Relevant Portfolio AllianceBernstein (Japan) Ltd. Japan Strategic Value Portfolio AllianceBernstein (Singapore) Ltd.

Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited and Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio AllianceBernstein Australia Limited AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited, China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio AllianceBernstein Australia Limited and AllianceBernstein (Singapore) Ltd. AllianceBernstein Limited European Income Portfolio Global Equity Blend Portfolio Short Duration Bond Portfolio - 6 -AllianceBernstein Limited and Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited AllianceBernstein (Japan) Ltd. AllianceBernstein (Japan) Ltd. whose principal office is situated at Hibiya Park Front Building 14F, 2-1-6 Uchisaiwaicho, Chiyoda-ku, 14th Floor, Tokyo 100-0011, Japan is a company established in Japan on 28 October 1996 and is registered with the Financial Services Agency as a financial instruments business operator to provide (i) Type I financial instruments business; (ii) Type II financial instruments business; (iii) investment advisory and agency business; (iv) investment management business; and (v) securities – related business.

AllianceBernstein (Singapore) Ltd. AllianceBernstein (Singapore) Ltd. whose principal office is situated at One Raffles Quay, #27-11 South Tower, Singapore 048583 is a company established in Singapore on 17 May 1997.

It is regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore and is licensed with a Capital Markets Service Licence under the Securities and Futures Act to conduct dealing in capital markets products and fund management regulated activities.

AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited is a limited liability company incorporated in Hong Kong and is currently licensed by the SFC to conduct Type 1 (dealing in securities), Type 2 (dealing in futures contracts), Type 4 (advising on securities), Type 5 (advising on futures contracts) and Type 9 (asset management) regulated activities under the SFO with CE number ADX555.

AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited is part of AB Group and AB Group provides research, diversified investment management and related services globally to a broad range of clients including institutional clients, retail clients and private clients.

AllianceBernstein Australia Limited AllianceBernstein Australia Limited, whose principal office is situated at Level 32, Aurora Place, 88 Phillip Street, Sydney, NSW 2000, is a company established in Australia on 9 November 2000.

It is regulated by the Australian Securities and Investments Commission and is licensed with an Australian Financial Services Licence ("AFS Licence") to, amongst other things, carry on a financial services business to provide general financial product advice and deal in financial products to retail investors.

Under the terms of its AFS Licence, AllianceBernstein Australia Limited may provide discretionary investment management services to wholesale clients including responsible entities (operators) of registered managed investment schemes (publicly offered investment products / collective investment vehicles), private funds and superannuation (pension) funds, meaning that the AFS Licence enables AllianceBernstein Australia Limited to manage the investment portfolios of registered managed investment schemes.

AllianceBernstein Limited AllianceBernstein Limited whose principal office is situated at 60 London Wall, London, EC2M 5SJ, United Kingdom is a company established in the United Kingdom on 23 October 1990 and is registered with the Financial Conduct Authority to, amongst other things, advice on investments, carry on a regulated activity, bring about deals in investments, deal in investments as agent and manage investments.

The Investment Manager shall continue to have ongoing supervision and regular monitoring of the competence of its delegates to ensure that its accountability to investors is not diminished.

Although the investment management function of the Investment Manager may be delegated to the Investment Manager’s Delegates, its responsibilities and obligations may not be delegated.

Investment Restrictions Securities Lending Transactions: The Fund may enter into securities lending transactions.

The Fund, however, will not enter into such transactions with the affiliates of the Management Company or the Investment Manager.

No securities lending - 7 -agent will be an affiliate of the Management Company or the Investment Manager.

All incremental income generated from such transactions will be accrued to the relevant Portfolios of the Fund.

No securities lending may be made for more than 50% of the value of the securities of the relevant Portfolio and the Investment Manager may choose to terminate any securities lending transaction at any time.

Repurchase/Reverse Repurchase Agreements or Similar Over the Counter Transactions: The Fund may enter into repurchase/reverse repurchase agreements or similar over-the-counter transactions.

The Fund, however, will not enter into repurchase/reverse repurchase agreements or similar over-the-counter transactions with the affiliates of the Management Company or the Investment Manager.

All repurchase/reverse repurchase agreement transactions entered into by the Fund are collateralized with OECD member state government securities with value at least equal to the cash received from/delivered to the counterparty.

Taking into account factors including the types of transactions, exposure, concentration to a particular counterparty and credit rating, the Investment Manager conducts initial and on-going counterparty reviews with a view to evaluating the creditworthiness of its proposed and existing counterparties.

The Investment Manager maintains a list of approved counterparties which provides the names of the entities and the types of transactions for which each entity has been approved.

Investment Types Each Portfolio of the Fund may invest in certain types of investments as illustrated in the chart commencing on page II-15 of the Prospectus (which should however not be construed as limiting a Portfolio’s ability to invest in other types of securities).

For the avoidance of doubt, American Income Portfolio, Short Duration Bond Portfolio, Global High Yield Portfolio and Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio may invest in commercial mortgage-backed securities, U.S. government agency mortgage- backed securities, asset-backed securities and credit-linked notes.

Other Types of Investments Pooled Vehicles Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its Net Asset Value in pooled vehicles sponsored by the Investment Manager which may include mutual investment funds or open-ended investment companies.

In order to more efficiently manage its assets and to gain exposure to certain asset classes, including alternatives, Dynamic Diversified Portfolio may invest in pooled vehicles or other products sponsored and/or managed by the Investment Manager or its affiliates or unaffiliated third parties.

REITs Certain Portfolios (such as Dynamic Diversified Portfolio) may invest in real estate investment trusts ("REITs").

In the case of Dynamic Diversified Portfolio, it may invest up to 10% of its Net Asset Value in REITs.

Investors should note that the underlying REITs which a Portfolio may invest in may not be authorized by the SFC and their dividend or payout policies may not be representative of the dividend or payout policy of a Portfolio.

Derivatives and Other Debt Securities Investors should note that the Portfolios are generally entitled to use derivative instruments for hedging and risk management purposes, as well as investment purposes, including, for example, efficient portfolio management and as an alternative to investing directly in the underlying securities or instruments.

The use of derivatives may involve additional risks.

In adverse situations, the Portfolio’s use of derivative instruments may become ineffective in hedging, risk management or efficient portfolio management and the Portfolio may suffer significant losses.

Save for Dynamic Diversified Portfolio which has a net derivative exposure of more than 50% but up to 100% of its Net Asset Value, the net derivative exposure of all other Portfolios may be up to 50% of the respective Portfolio’s Net Asset Value.

Each of Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio, Dynamic Diversified Portfolio, Global High Yield Portfolio, Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio, Mortgage Income Portfolio and American Income Portfolio may invest in certain derivative instruments and strategies - 8 -which allow itself to obtain exposure to certain markets, sectors and individual securities and facilitate more effective currency management.

Such derivatives may include options, interest rate swaps, currency swaps, total return swaps, credit default swaps, futures and forwards.

Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio, Short Duration Bond Portfolio, Japan Strategic Value Portfolio, Global High Yield Portfolio, American Income Portfolio, European Income Portfolio, Mortgage Income Portfolio and Dynamic Diversified Portfolio may invest in structured securities (both Investment Grade and non-Investment Grade) originated by a wide range of originators and sponsors.

Investments in structured securities will not exceed 20% of its Net Asset Value in the case of Short Duration Bond Portfolio.

Investments in non-Investment Grade securities may at any time exceed 50% of Net Asset Value in the case of Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio.

It is important to note that the use of derivatives by Dynamic Diversified Portfolio does not alter its existing guidelines with respect to credit quality, duration and currency exposures.

In addition, Dynamic Diversified Portfolio’s use of derivatives does not alter the acceptable ranges for some of its other key risk parameters—including interest rate risk, credit risk, foreign exchange risk and liquidity risk.

Dynamic Diversified Portfolio’s average weighted maturity will continue to not exceed 15 years.

Investments in derivatives may be subject to high volatility and involve significant risk, which may potentially result in significant losses in your investment in the Portfolio.

While judicious use of derivatives can be beneficial, derivative instruments and strategies may carry different risks from those presented by more traditional investments and may expose the fund to significant losses.

These risks include, for example, counterparty default risk (risk that the direct counterparty of an over the counter ("OTC") derivative does not make timely interest or principal payments as contracted) or insolvency risk (risk that the counterparty may not have sufficient funds and files for bankruptcy), risk involved with effective management of derivative strategies (risk that the underlying investments in the derivatives-based investment strategy do not perform as expected), risk of mispricing or improper valuation of derivatives (operational risk that the derivative is not priced properly), risk of higher volatility, risk of illiquidity in the market for certain derivative strategies (risk that certain OTC derivatives may not be as easily exchangeable as others).

Derivatives may give rise to leverage and the risk of loss may be greater than the amount invested in the derivative and may expose the Portfolios to significant losses.

Please also refer to Section II of the Prospectus for greater details and in particular the section entitled "Derivatives Risk".

Investment in instruments with loss-absorption features American Income Portfolio, Dynamic Diversified Portfolio, Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio, European Income Portfolio, Global High Yield Portfolio, Mortgage Income Portfolio and Short Duration Bond Portfolio may invest less than 30% of its respective Net Asset Value in debt instruments with loss-absorption features as defined by the SFC.

Examples of the debt instruments with loss-absorption features which may be invested by the relevant Portfolios include, but are not limited to, contingent convertible securities, senior non-preferred debts and other Tier 1 and Tier 2 capital instruments.

These instruments may be subject to contingent write-down or contingent conversion to ordinary shares on the occurrence of trigger events.

China A-shares and B-shares China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio may invest up to 40% of its Net Asset Value in China A shares, in aggregate, through one or more capital markets regimes providing access to China, including the China Connect Scheme, the QFI scheme, and/or through other schemes as may be launched from time to time as approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier.

Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its Net Asset Value and investment exposure in B-shares listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange or Shanghai Stock Exchange.

The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its Net Asset Value in or have exposure to A-shares listed on the Shenzhen Stock Exchange or Shanghai Stock Exchange.

Short Duration Bond Portfolio The Portfolio may invest less than 30% of its Net Asset Value in onshore RMB-denominated fixed income securities through the China InterBank Bond Market via the Bond Connect (or via other channels as the market develops).

- 9 -China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio The Portfolio will seek to achieve its investment objective by investing at least 80% of its Net Asset Value in securities which provide exposure to Chinese companies that the Investment Manager believes have fundamentally lower volatility and less downside risks in the future.

Lower volatility equity securities are equity securities which characteristically exhibit lower volatility in terms of, among other things, standard deviation of returns, relative to the market or a benchmark.

The Investment Manager measures the volatility of a given equity security and of the Portfolio as a whole using proprietary risk models, quantitative analysis and market research.

The Investment Manager uses its proprietary risk and return models as well as its judgment and experience in managing investment portfolios to construct a portfolio with a balance of quality, stability and reasonable valuation.

The Investment Manager seeks to achieve the investment objective while limiting volatility relative to the MSCI China Index USD.

In order to achieve the investment strategy, the Investment Manager will seek to construct a portfolio with a balance of quality stability with lower volatility relative to the MSCI China Index USD.

Dynamic Diversified Portfolio Dynamic Asset Allocation Diversification Strategy The Investment Manager will utilize its proprietary "Dynamic Asset Allocation" strategy to adjust the Dynamic Diversified Portfolio’s various investment exposures among these asset classes with the goal of producing what the Investment Manager considers to be the Portfolio’s optimal risk/return profile at any particular point in time.

Dynamic Asset Allocation comprises a series of analytical and forecasting tools employed by the Investment Manager to gauge market fluctuations in the risk/return profile of various asset classes.

Dynamic Asset Allocation aims to adjust the Portfolio’s investment exposure to changing market conditions and thereby to reduce overall portfolio volatility by mitigating the effects of market fluctuations, including "tail" events in extreme market environments, while preserving consistent long- term return potential.

For example, the Investment Manager may seek to reduce the Portfolio’s risk exposure to one or more asset classes when the Dynamic Asset Allocation tool suggests that market risks relevant to these asset classes are rising but return opportunities are declining.

Conversely, the Investment Manager may tend to seek a more aggressive posture when the Dynamic Asset Allocation tool suggests that return opportunities for one or more of these asset classes are rising and market risks are declining.

While the Portfolio may obtain investment exposures to individual asset classes through direct investment in securities or through the use of financial derivative instruments, dynamic adjustments to the Portfolio’s various investment exposures are expected to be implemented principally through the use of financial derivative instruments.

Strategies In Using Derivative Instruments For Investment Purposes Dynamic Diversified Portfolio The Investment Manager may use derivatives (for investment purposes) such as futures (both short and long), and "total return" or "excess return" swaps to change allocations among various different asset classes within the Portfolio, such as between return-oriented asset classes (e.g.

This enables the Investment Manager to efficiently pursue the Portfolio’s multi-asset strategy, seeking to capture the positive returns associated with asset classes such as equities when market conditions are favorable, and flexing the allocations towards more stable asset classes such as bonds when market conditions become less favorable.

Additional Risk Factors Concentration Risk Certain Portfolios’ investments are concentrated in specific industry sectors, instruments or geographical locations.

The value of the Portfolios may be more volatile than that of a fund having a more diverse portfolio of investments.

The value of the - 10 -Portfolios may be more susceptible to adverse economic, political, policy, foreign exchange, liquidity, tax, legal or regulatory event affecting the market.

Custodial Risk The assets of the Fund and its Portfolios are be held in custody by the Depositary and, to the extent permitted by applicable laws and regulations, through third-party custodian/sub-custodian(s) and/or any other prime broker and/or broker-dealers appointed by the Fund.

Investors are hereby informed that cash and fiduciary deposits may not be treated as segregated assets and might therefore not be segregated from the relevant depositary, sub-custodian(s), other custodian/third party bank, prime broker and/or broker dealer’s own assets in the event of the insolvency or the opening of bankruptcy, moratorium, liquidation or reorganization proceedings of the depositary, sub-custodian(s), other custodian/third party bank, prime broker or the broker dealer as the case may be.

Subject to specific depositor’s preferential rights in bankruptcy proceedings set forth by regulation in the jurisdiction of the relevant depositary, sub-custodian(s), other custodian/third party bank, prime broker or the broker dealer, the Fund’s claim might not be privileged and may only rank pari passu with all other unsecured creditors’ claims.

The Fund and/or its Portfolios might not be able to recover all of their assets in full.

Emerging Markets Risks Prospective investors should note that investments in emerging markets involve special considerations and risks.

In addition to the risks disclosed under the section "Country Risks – Emerging Markets" on page II-36 of the Prospectus, prospective investors should also note that underlying investments in emerging markets may be affected by changes in law and government policy and requirements imposed by stock exchanges such as price constraint and market suspension as well as political changes which may affect the stability of governments and markets and/or result in restrictions on foreign investment or the repatriation of monies.

Risks of Early Termination A Portfolio and certain classes of Shares may be terminated by the Management Company under certain conditions and in the manner as specified under the paragraph headed "Duration of the Fund, Liquidation, Amalgamation" in the section "Additional Information" of the Prospectus.

It is possible that, at the time of such termination, investors have to realize their investment loss and will not be able to receive an amount equal to their capital originally invested.

Dynamic Asset Allocation Risk Although not specifically detailed in the section "Risk Factors" on page II-27 of the Prospectus, if the Investment Manager’s forecasts for market volatilities and correlations deviate from actual market volatilities and correlations, the dynamic asset allocation strategy may not be able to achieve its objective to reduce volatility and exposure to tail event risks (i.e., to mitigate extreme losses and outsized gains), than a strategy that relies solely on longer-term metrics to build asset allocation strategy.

Investors may suffer losses as a consequence.

Volatility Risk Although not specifically specified in the section "Derivatives Risk" on page II-40 of the Prospectus, prospective investors should also note that investments in derivatives may be subject to high volatility to the Net Asset Value of the relevant Portfolios and involve significant risk, which may potentially result in significant losses in your investment in the Portfolios.

Eurozone Risk In light of ongoing concerns over the sovereign debt risk of countries within the Eurozone, certain Portfolios’ investments in the region may be subject to higher volatility, liquidity, currency and default risks.

Any adverse events, such as credit downgrade of a sovereign or exit of EU members from the Eurozone, may have a negative impact on the value of the Portfolios.

Risks associated with Payment of Dividends out of Capital The Management Company has the sole and absolute discretion to amend the dividend policy of the Portfolios, subject to the SFC’s prior approval (if required) and by giving no less than one month’s prior notice to investors.

Dividend yield is not indicative of return of the Portfolios.

Dividends may be paid from capital or effectively out of capital of certain Portfolios at the - 11 -discretion of the Management Company, which may amount to a partial return or withdrawal of an investor’s original investment or from any capital gains attributable to that original investment, and result in an immediate decrease of the Net Asset Value per Share.

The distribution amount and Net Asset Value of the currency hedged share classes may be adversely affected by differences in the interest rates of the reference currency of the currency hedged share classes and the Portfolio’s base currency, resulting in an increase in the amount of distribution that is paid out of capital and hence a greater erosion of capital than other non-hedged share classes.

Risks associated with Exchange-Traded Funds ("ETFs") A Portfolio investing in ETFs is subject to the following risks associated with ETFs: Passive investment risk: An ETF is passively managed and the manager of the ETF will not have the discretion to adapt to market changes due to the inherent investment nature of the ETF.

Falls in the index are expected to result in corresponding falls in the value of the ETF, and thus the value of the Portfolio investing in such ETF.

Tracking error risk: An ETF may be subject to tracking error risk, which is the risk that its performance may not track that of the index exactly.

This tracking error may result from the investment strategy used, and fees and expenses.

The manager of the ETF will monitor and seek to manage such risk in minimizing tracking error.

There can be no assurance of exact or identical replication at any time of the performance of the index.

Risks in connection with the Investment Strategy The investment strategy adopted by a Portfolio may not be effective and/or may not achieve a level of volatility.

The performance of a Portfolio is heavily subject to the Investment Manager’s judgment and experience in stock selection.

In the case of market downturn, a Portfolio may not provide a positive return or outperform the general equity market.

Hence, the value of a Portfolio may be adversely affected.

Low volatility stocks are seen as having a lower risk profile than the overall markets.

Investors should note that lower volatility does not necessarily mean lower risk.

Risks associated with Collateralized and/or Securitized Products (such as Asset-Backed Securities, Mortgage-Backed Securities and Asset-Backed Commercial Papers) Certain Portfolios invest in mortgage-backed securities which may be highly illiquid and prone to substantial price volatility.

These instruments may be subject to greater credit, liquidity and interest rate risk compared to other debt securities.

They are often exposed to extension and prepayment risks and risks that the payment obligations relating to the underlying assets are not met, which may adversely impact the returns of the securities.

Risks associated with instruments with loss-absorption features A Portfolio may invest in instruments with loss-absorption features which are subject to greater risks when compared to traditional debt instruments as such instruments typically include terms and conditions which may result in them being partly or wholly written off, written down, or converted to ordinary shares of the issuer upon the occurrence of a pre-defined trigger event (e.g.

when the issuer is near or at the point of non-viability or when the issuer’s capital ratio falls to a specified level).

Such trigger events are likely to be outside of the issuer’s control and are complex, difficult to predict and can result in a significant or total reduction in the value of such instruments, giving rise to consequential loss of the Portfolio.

In particular, certain Portfolios may invest in contingent convertibles, which are a type of instruments with loss-absorption features and can be exposed to several risks (including but not limited to): Trigger level risk: The trigger event is ordinarily linked to the financial position of the issuer and therefore the conversion is likely to occur as a result of a deterioration of the relative capital strength of the underlying.

The relative risk associated with different contingent convertibles will depend on the distance between the current capital ratio and the effective trigger level.

It is likely that the conversion to equity would occur at a share price, which is lower than when the bond was issued or purchased.

- 12 -Capital structure inversion risk: In the case of a principal write down contingent convertible bond, it is possible that the holder could take a write down before equity holders, which is contrary to the typical capital structure hierarchy.

Liquidity risk: In stressed market conditions, the liquidity profile of the issuer can deteriorate significantly and it may be difficult to find a ready buyer which means that a significant discount may be required in order to sell it.

Call extension risk: Contingent convertibles can also be issued as perpetual bonds (i.e.

bonds without a maturity date - please refer to relevant risk associated to perpetual bonds), while these will have call dates, there is no guarantee that the issue will be called on this date and there is a possibility that the bond may never be called resulting in a total loss of the original capital investment.

Unknown/uncertainty risk: Contingent convertibles are a relatively new instrument and the trigger events are generally untested, therefore it is uncertain how the asset class will perform in stressed market conditions and risk to capital, and volatility could be significant.

Coupon cancellation risk: Coupon payments may be discretionary and can be cancelled at any time, for any reason.

Valuation risk: Investment in contingent convertibles may have a higher yield, however, they can carry higher risk than investment in traditional debt instruments/convertibles and in certain cases equities; the volatility and risk of loss can be significant.

Conversion risk/write-down risk: The value of such instrument may be impacted by the mechanism through which the instruments are converted into equity or written-down, which may vary across different securities which may have varying structures and terms.

Contingent convertibles structures may be complex and terms may vary from issuer to issuer and bond to bond.

In equity contingent convertibles, the conversion share price is important as this determines the economic loss that a Portfolio, as a holder of such instruments will suffer upon conversion and may not be pre-determined.

In the event of conversion into equity, the Investment Manager may be forced to sell the equity shares if the relevant Portfolio does not permit the holding of equity securities which may lead to losses to the Portfolio.

For principal write-down contingent convertibles, write-down can be immediate and in many cases there may be a full loss with no expectation of any return of principal.

Sector concentration risk: Contingent convertibles are issued by banking/insurance institutions.

If a Portfolio invests significantly in contingent convertibles its performance will depend to a greater extent on the overall condition of the financial services industry than a Portfolio following a more diversified strategy.

Liquidity Risk Management The Management Company operates as a UCITS-compliant Management Company subject to the supervision of the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the Luxembourg financial supervisory authority.

As such, the Management Company has established a UCITS-compliant overall risk management framework in respect of its various activities.

The Management Company has appointed AllianceBernstein L.P., the Investment Manager, as its delegate with respect to investment management and advisory functions for each Portfolio.

The Investment Manager is registered with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as an investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.

The Investment Manager has established a liquidity risk management framework for the identification, assessment, measurement, control and mitigation of liquidity risks both at a firm-wide level and in respect of each Portfolio.

The liquidity risk management of each Portfolio is primarily the responsibility of the Investment Manager’s portfolio investment function, with independent oversight carried out by the Investment Manager’s risk management function.

The Investment Manager’s Liquidity Risk Management Committee consisting of senior representations from compliance, portfolio management, quantitative research, trading, technology and risk management generally meets on a monthly (and ad hoc) basis.

Issues, concerns and exceptions relating to liquidity risk of a Portfolio shall be escalated to the Liquidity Risk Management Committee and/or directly to the appropriate portfolio management team.

- 13 -The Investment Manager employs a holistic approach to liquidity risk management by assessing fund product characteristics, assets/liabilities in each Portfolio, Shareholder profiles, liquidity stress testing of each Portfolio and other ongoing assessments as necessary.

The Investment Manager aims to ensure that the liquidity profile of each Portfolio is appropriate to facilitate compliance with each such Portfolio’s obligation to meet redemption requests in an orderly manner under normal and stressed markets.

Such framework, combined with the liquidity management tools that may be employed, also seeks to achieve fair treatment of Shareholders and safeguard the interests of remaining Shareholders in case of sizeable redemptions.

The Investment Manager may use a range of quantitative metrics and qualitative factors in assessing the liquidity of a Portfolio’s assets including, but not limited to, trading volumes, turnover ratios, average trade size, number of counterparties, dealer inventory, price impact measures, days to liquidate measures, bid/ask spreads, sector, maturity, credit rating and bond age.

The following tools may be employed by the Management Company, or the Investment Manager, on behalf of the Management Company, as the case may be, to manage liquidity risks: - The number of Shares of any Portfolio redeemed on any Trade Date may be limited to 10% of the Shares or class of the relevant Portfolio outstanding as of such date (subject to the conditions under the section headed "How to redeem Shares" in the Prospectus).

If such limitation is imposed, this would restrict the ability of a Shareholder to redeem in full the Shares he intends to redeem on a particular Trade Date; - Redemptions may be suspended under certain circumstances as set out in the section headed "Determination of Net Asset Value – Suspension of Issue, Redemption and Exchange of Shares and Calculation of Net Asset Value" in the Prospectus.

During such period of suspension, Shareholders would not be able to redeem their investments in the relevant Portfolio; - In order to counter the effects of dilution on a Portfolio’s Net Asset Value brought about by large purchases or redemptions of the Portfolio’s Shares, a swing pricing policy has been implemented.

Please refer to the section headed "Determination of Net Asset Value – Swing Pricing Adjustment" in the Prospectus for details.

As a result of such adjustment, the purchase price or the redemption price (as the case may be) will be higher or lower than the original Net Asset Value of a Portfolio which otherwise would be if such adjustment has not been made.

Under applicable law, liquidity risk management measures such as implementing swing pricing or applying gating for redemption are the responsibility of the Management Company.

The Management Company is required to provide its liquidity policies to the Depositary, as part of the Depositary’s periodic reviews, in order for the Depositary to confirm the Management Company’s policies are compliant with applicable regulations.

Accordingly, the Depositary will be fully aware of the Management Company’s liquidity measures and will provide comments and consultation, as appropriate.

The Management Company exercises its independent oversight of investment management and advisory functions delegated to the Investment Manager in respect of each Portfolio as set out under Luxembourg law.

These activities include monthly (or ad hoc) review of Portfolio-specific liquidity profiles and each Portfolio’s "Liquidity Coverage Ratio" (LCR).

In addition, AB Group Risk Management monitors liquidity across all accounts for which the AB Group acts as investment manager, including regular stress testing.

Investors should note that there is a risk that these tools may be ineffective to manage liquidity and redemption risks (that is, risk that the redemption of the investor's investments may be delayed in accordance with the Prospectus).

Publication of Net Asset Value of Shares The Net Asset Value per Share of each class of Shares, expressed in the Currency of the relevant Portfolio and any other Offered Currency, will be determined by the Management Company as of 4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time or otherwise as indicated in the relevant part of Section I of the Prospectus on each Business Day (business day of both New York Stock Exchange and Luxembourg banks) for publication daily on the website at www.alliancebernstein.com.hk or alternatively, you may contact - 14 -AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited (as the Hong Kong Representative of the Fund) at +852 2918 7888.

To the extent feasible, investment income, interest payable, fees and other liabilities (including management fees) will be accrued daily.

Information Published on Website The above website has not been reviewed by the SFC and may contain information of funds not authorized by the SFC.

Dealings in Shares A "Trade Date" is a business day of both New York Stock Exchange and Luxembourg banks as of which any transaction in Shares (purchase, redemption or exchange) for a Portfolio is recorded in the Shareholder register of the Fund in respect of one or more Portfolios, as the context requires, as having been accepted.

A "Hong Kong Business Day" is any day, other than Saturday, on which banks in Hong Kong are open for normal banking business provided that where, as a result of a number 8 typhoon signal or higher or a black rain storm warning or other similar event in Hong Kong, the period during which banks in Hong Kong are open for normal banking business on any day is reduced, such day shall not be a Hong Kong Business Day unless otherwise determined by the relevant authorized dealer.

Order Processing and Deadlines Hong Kong investors should submit their Share purchase, exchange and redemption orders to an authorized dealer before the daily time deadline set by the dealer through whom their Shares are controlled for order processing on any Hong Kong Business Day, and such dealer will in turn forward such orders to the Transfer Agent for review.

The Transfer Agent will review such orders and, upon acceptance, processes them on the same date, provided such date is a Trade Date; if such date is not a Trade Date, accepted orders will be processed on the next following Trade Date.

At the discretion of the authorized dealer, orders received by the dealer after the daily time deadline set by the dealer for order processing, may be forwarded to the Transfer Agent on the next Hong Kong Business Day.

Investors should inquire with their dealer regarding such dealer’s deadlines for order processing.

More detailed instructions for submitting Share purchase, exchange and redemption orders are found below.

Purchase of Shares Application to Purchase Shares To make an initial investment, investors should carefully read the contents of the Prospectus and this Hong Kong Supplement, complete the AB Funds Application Form (received from an authorized dealer or the Hong Kong Representative) and return it to an authorized dealer together with a cheque or, in the case of payment by telegraphic transfer, a copy of the investor’s remittance instructions (as explained in the section entitled "Payment for Purchase of Shares" below), as well as either (i) for investors who are individuals, a photocopy of the investor’s Hong Kong Identity Card or passport or (ii) for investors that are companies or other entities, a certified extract of the commercial registry or companies registry together with information concerning beneficial owners’ constituent documents.

Investors whose application forms are accepted will be allotted Shares as of the Trade Date on which the application is received by the Management Company in Luxembourg from the authorized dealer.

Shares will be allotted at a price based on the Net Asset Value in the Currency of the relevant Portfolio and any other Offered Currency for each class of Share determined as of the relevant Trade Date increased by the relevant sales charge (as set out in the Prospectus and supplemented in the section entitled "Fees and Expenses" below).

The purchase price shall be rounded to 2 decimal places (e.g.

HK$10.125 shall be rounded up to HK$10.13 and HK$10.124 shall be rounded down to HK$10.12).

Any amount corresponding to such rounding will accrue to the relevant Portfolio.

The Management Company retains the right to offer an additional class, or additional classes, of shares of the Portfolios.

Numerical Example of How Shares are Allotted Based on an investment amount of US$10,000 at the notional net asset value of US$10.00 per Share, the number of Shares allotted will be calculated as follows: - 15 -Classes for which an initial sales charge applies (i.e.

where sales charge is payable at subscription) Example 1: Assume: Initial sales charge = 4% No adjustment to purchase price to be made Purchase price = net asset value – adjustment∗ Thus, 100% − initial sales charge% Purchase price = = US$10.00 − 0 US$10.00 100% − 4% 0.96 Shares allotted = Investment amount � Purchase price � = = 959.693 US$10,000 US$10.00 Example 2: Assume: 0.96 Initial sales charge = 1% No adjustment to purchase price to be made Purchase price = 2 net asset value – adjustment∗ Thus, 100% − initial sales charge% Purchase price = = US$10.00 − 0 US$10.00 100% − 1% 0.99 Shares allotted = Investment amount � Purchase price � = = 990.099 US$10,000 US$10.00 The above examples are for illustrative 0p.9u9rposes only and are not a forecast or indication of any expectation of performance.

Payment for Purchase of Shares Payment may be made in currency in which the Shares are offered as indicated in the Prospectus and can be made by telegraphic transfer (or bank wire).

If an investor makes payment by telegraphic transfer, a copy of the remittance instruction should be enclosed with the investor’s application.

No responsibility will be accepted by the Fund for reconciling investors remittances where problems occur in the transmission or as a result of inadequate details of the transfer.

Payment should be made in full, taking into account any wire transfer fees or other bank charges.

Payment information for an initial purchase of Shares should reference the confirmation number, investor’s name, the name of the Portfolio of the Fund and individual class of Shares for which the investor is subscribing (for example, "AB FCP I — Dynamic Diversified Portfolio, Class A").

In addition, payment information in respect of subsequent purchases of Shares should reference the AB funds account number issued to the investor upon the investor’s initial purchase of Shares.

For ease of identification, the wire should include as much information as possible.

* If any, as determined in accordance with Section II of the Prospectus.

- 16 -No money should be paid by investors to any intermediary in Hong Kong who is not licensed or registered to carry out Type 1 regulated activity under Part V of the SFO.

Confirmation of Purchase of Shares The Fund will send to the investor a confirmation note generally within five Trade Dates following the issuance of the Shares, providing full details of the transactions.

Investors transacting orders through an authorized dealer should inquire with their dealer regarding such dealer's timing for providing confirmation of purchase.

Fractions of a Share (rounded to 3 decimal places (e.g.

10.1225 Shares shall be rounded up to 10.123 Shares and 10.1224 Shares shall be rounded down to 10.122 Shares)) may be issued.

Any amount corresponding to such rounding will accrue to the relevant Portfolio.

Redemption of Shares Shareholders may redeem their Shares by sending redemption orders to an authorized dealer.

Such dealer will forward redemption orders received before the daily time deadline set by the dealer for order processing on any Hong Kong Business Day to the Transfer Agent for review.

The Transfer Agent will review such redemption orders and, upon acceptance, process them on the same date, provided such date is a Trade Date; if such date is not a Trade Date, accepted redemption orders will be processed on the next following Trade Date.

At the discretion of the authorized dealer, redemption orders received by the dealer after the daily time deadline set by the dealer for order processing may be forwarded to the Transfer Agent on the next Hong Kong Business Day.

Investors should inquire with their dealer regarding such dealer's deadlines for order processing.

Redemption orders must identify the name of the relevant Portfolio of the Fund, the class of Shares and number of Shares to be redeemed or the total value of Shares (in the Offered Currency in which the Shareholder purchased the Shares) to be redeemed, together with the Shareholder's name and AB funds account number (for that Offered Currency).

Incomplete redemption orders cannot be processed and will be rejected.

The redemption price will be equal to the Net Asset Value per Share in the relevant Offered Currency of the relevant share class determined for the appropriate Trade Date as of the Valuation Point, which is 4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time or otherwise as defined in the relevant part of Section I of the Prospectus on such Trade Date.

The redemption price shall be rounded to 2 decimal places (e.g.

HK$10.125 shall be rounded up to HK$10.13 and HK$10.124 shall be rounded down to HK$10.12).

Any amount corresponding to such rounding will accrue to the relevant Portfolio.

Payments of redemption proceeds will be made in the Offered Currency in which the Shareholder’s AB funds account is denominated.

Under normal circumstances it is expected that proceeds of redemptions will be paid by the Depositary or its agents not later than five Trade Dates after the relevant redemption date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in exceptional circumstances the liquidity of the Fund is not sufficient to enable payment or redemption to be made within this period, such payment will be made as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event no later than one calendar month after receipt of properly documented redemption orders.

Exchange of Shares Shareholders have the option to exchange Shares for Shares of the same class of any other Portfolio of the Fund or Shares of the same class of certain other AB funds authorized by the SFC from time to time.

Shareholders should check the relevant Portfolio’s or fund’s authorized status prior to exchange.

Any such exchange will be subject to the minimum investment requirements and any other applicable terms set out in the Prospectus relating to the shares of the Portfolio of the Fund or other AB fund to be acquired upon exchange.

The Management Company reserves the right, in its discretion, to waive any applicable minimum investment amounts.

Following receipt by the Management Company from an authorized dealer and acceptance by the Fund of valid and complete exchange orders, exchanges will be effected, in each case, at the Net Asset Value as next determined in accordance with the terms set out in the Prospectus.

Exchanges involving other AB funds will be effected by means of a redemption of the original shares and a subscription for and purchase of the shares to be acquired upon exchange.

In respect of any exchange instruction involving a class of Shares possessing a contingent deferred sales charge, the holding period for purposes of calculating any contingent deferred sales charge due upon redemption, if applicable, relating to Shares - 17 -acquired in an exchange, will be based on the date of purchase of the original Shares; furthermore, the amount of any such contingent deferred sales charge will be based upon the rates relating to the original Shares.

Such restrictions may be waived under certain circumstances in the sole discretion of the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund.

Investors interested in exchanging Shares should contact their financial adviser or the Hong Kong Representative for more information about the exchange option.

Neither the Fund nor the Management Company currently charges any administrative or other fees in connection with exchanges.

However, shareholders who hold their shares through accounts with a dealer should contact their dealer to determine if it charges any fees in connection with exchanges.

Fees and Expenses The Fund is subject to the payment of fees and expenses as set forth in the Prospectus under "Summary Information—Share Class Fees and Charges" and "Other Portfolio Information—Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" in the portion of Section I relating to each Portfolio and under "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II.

Please refer to the Prospectus for a description of fees and expenses borne by the Portfolios.

In addition, an initial sales charge or contingent deferred sales charge may be assessed.

Please contact your financial adviser or the Hong Kong Representative for more information.

Hong Kong Tax For so long as the Fund maintains its authorization with the SFC under the SFO, the Fund will be a specified investment scheme under section 26A(1A) of the Inland Revenue Ordinance of Hong Kong (Cap.112).

Any sums received or accrued to a specified investment scheme (whether they are sourced from Hong Kong or not) will not be subject to Hong Kong profits tax.

Shareholders resident in Hong Kong will not be subject to any Hong Kong tax on distributions from any of the Portfolios or on capital gains realized on the redemption of any Shares in the Fund unless the acquisition and realization of Shares in the Fund is or forms part of a trade, profession or business carried on in Hong Kong and such gains arise in or are derived from Hong Kong.

Shares will not attract Hong Kong estate duty and Hong Kong stamp duty will not be payable on the issue, redemption or transfer of Shares.

The above information is based on the enacted laws and current practice of Hong Kong.

It is not comprehensive and is subject to change.

Prospective investors should consult their own professional advisers as to the implications of buying, holding or disposing of Shares and to the provision of the laws of the jurisdiction in which they are subject to tax.

FATCA and Identity of Beneficial Ownership and Withholding on Certain Payments The Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"), a portion of the Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, became law in the United States in 2010.

In order to avoid a U.S. withholding tax of 30% on certain payments (including payments of gross proceeds) made with respect to certain actual and deemed U.S. investments, the Fund generally will be required to timely register with the United States Internal Revenue Service (the "Service") and agree to identify certain direct and indirect U.S. account holders (including debtholders and equityholders).

If the Fund failed to comply with such requirements, the Fund may be subject to the above 30% withholding tax.

Generally, withholding tax reduces the net asset value of the Fund by the amount of the withholding imposed and may result in a material loss to investors and inhibit the Fund’s ability to pursue its investment strategy.

Luxembourg has signed a Model 1A (reciprocal) inter-governmental agreement with the United States (the "US IGA") to give effect to the foregoing withholding and reporting rules.

So long as the Fund complies with the US IGA and the enabling legislation, the Investment Manager anticipates that the Fund will not be subject to the related U.S. withholding tax.

The Fund is a Sponsored Foreign Financial Institution and the Management Company has obtained a global intermediary identification number as sponsor on behalf of the Fund.

A non-U.S. investor in the Fund will generally be required to provide to the Fund (or in certain cases, a distributor, intermediary or certain other entities through which a non-U.S. investor invests (each, an "Intermediary")) information which identifies its - 18 -direct and indirect U.S. ownership.

Under the US IGA, any such information provided to the Fund will be shared with the Luxembourg Minister of Finance or its delegate (the "Luxembourg MOF"), unless such U.S. ownership is exempt from the reporting rules.

The Luxembourg MOF will provide the information reported to it with the Service annually on an automatic basis.

A non-U.S. investor that is a "foreign financial institution" within the meaning of Section 1471(d)(4) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, will generally be required to register with the Service and agree to identify certain of its own direct and indirect U.S. account holders (including debtholders and equityholders).

A non-U.S. investor who fails to provide such information to the Fund (or, if applicable, an Intermediary) or register and agree to identify or report information with respect to such account holders (as applicable), may be subject to the 30% withholding tax with respect to its share of any such payments attributable to actual and deemed U.S. investments of the Fund, and the Management Company may take any action permitted in relation to an investor’s Shares or redemption proceeds to ensure that such withholding is economically borne by the relevant investor whose failure to provide the necessary information or comply with such requirements gave rise to the withholding, subject to applicable laws and regulations and provided that the Management Company acts in good faith and on reasonable grounds.

Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of these rules on their investments in the Fund.

Solicitors The solicitors to the Fund in Hong Kong are Deacons, 5th Floor, Alexandra House, 18 Chater Road, Hong Kong.

Cash Rebates Neither the Investment Manager nor any of its connected persons have retained or are entitled to retain any cash rebates from any broker or dealer in consideration of directing transactions on behalf of the Portfolio to that broker or dealer.

Any such cash rebates received shall be held for the account of the relevant Portfolio.

Advertising and Promotional Expenses For so long as the Fund is authorized in Hong Kong under Section 104 of the SFO, advertising and promotional expenses will not be paid out of the Fund’s assets.

Increase in Fees The SFC may require up to three months’ notice of any increase in the Management Fee of each Share class of the Portfolios from the current level as stated in the Prospectus and this Hong Kong Supplement to be provided to Hong Kong investors.

Report and Accounts The financial year of the Fund and each of the Portfolios ends on 31 August each year.

The Fund’s annual report incorporating audited financial statements will be published within four months after the end of the financial year.

The Fund will publish a semi-annual unaudited financial report within two months of the end of the semi-annual period.

Such reports will be available at www.alliancebernstein.com.hk.

In addition, printed copies of the annual and semi-annual reports will be made available at the principal office of the Hong Kong Representative, free of charge.

Hong Kong investors will be notified when the financial reports are available.

The audited annual report and unaudited semi-annual reports of the Fund will be issued in English only.

Liquidation and Amalgamation In the event of liquidation and/or amalgamation of any of the Portfolios, prior approval from the SFC would be sought and normally, one month’s prior notice would be given to Hong Kong investors.

Upon liquidation of a Portfolio, liquidation proceeds will be paid to the Shareholders in the manner as specified under the paragraph headed "Duration of the Fund, Liquidation, Amalgamation" in the section "Additional Information" of the Prospectus.

Liquidation proceeds which cannot be distributed to the persons entitled thereto at the close of liquidation will be deposited with the Caisse de Consignation in Luxembourg.

Such deposit should in principle be made at the latest nine months following the liquidation process.

Claims by Shareholders on the proceeds of liquidation to which they are entitled shall lapse only thirty years after these shall have been deposited at the Caisse de Consignation in Luxembourg.

- 19 -Complaints/Enquiries Policy Investors are encouraged to direct all complaints and/or enquiries in the first instance to their financial advisors.

The Hong Kong Representative has established procedures for complaints and may be contacted on +852 2918 7878.

A written response with respect to a complaint or enquiry will be provided to the financial advisor within 30 calendar days of the Hong Kong Representative being notified.

Availability of Documents For as long as the Fund maintains its authorization with the SFC under Section 104 of the SFO, copies of the following documents in relation to the Fund and the Portfolios may be inspected free of charge during usual business hours at the principal office of the Hong Kong Representative (whose address is given above) and copies obtained at a reasonable charge (except for annual and semi-annual reports and audited accounts of the Fund where copies can be obtained free of charge):- (a) the Articles of Association of the Management Company; (b) the Investment Management Agreement; (c) the Depositary Agreement; (d) the Management Regulations of the Fund; (e) the Administration Agreement; (f) the Distribution Agreement; (g) the Transfer Agency Agreement between the Management Company and the Transfer Agent relating to each of the Portfolios; (h) the latest published annual and semi-annual reports and audited accounts of the Fund; (i) the Agreement appointing the Hong Kong Representative to act as such; (j) the investment restrictions under the UCITS regulations under which the Fund is currently being managed; (k) the UCITS Risk Management Statement with respect to the use of financial derivative instruments; and (l) the list of authorized dealers of the Fund.

- 20 -PROSPECTUS AB FCP I 31 MARCH 2023 Multi-Asset/Asset Allocation Equity Fixed-Income > Dynamic Diversified Portfolio > Global Equity Blend Portfolio > Short Duration Bond Portfolio > Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio > Global High Yield Portfolio > Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio > American Income Portfolio > Japan Strategic Value Portfolio > European Income Portfolio > China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio > Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio > Mortgage Income Portfolio The Fund is a mutual investment fund (fonds commun de placement) organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

AllianceBernstein and the AB logo are registered trademarks and service marks used by permission of the owner, AllianceBernstein L.P.Important Information Any information contained herein or in any other sales If you are in any doubt about the contents of this offering document relating to the Fund or on the AB funds website, document, you should seek independent professional www.alliancebernstein.com, does not constitute an offer or financial advice.

Prospective investors should inform solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such offer or themselves as to the legal requirements, exchange control solicitation is not lawful or in which the person making such regulations and tax consequences within the countries of offer or solicitation is not qualified to do so or to anyone to their residence and domicile for the acquisition, holding or whom it is unlawful to make such offer or solicitation.

In disposal of shares and any foreign exchange restrictions that particular, the information in the AB funds website is not for may be relevant to them.

Shares that are acquired by distribution in the United States or to U.S.

Persons other than persons not entitled under the Management Regulations to in accordance with the laws of the United States.

If a hold them may be redeemed by the Management Company prospective investor has accessed the AB funds website from on behalf of the Fund at the current Net Asset Value.

another website, the Fund, the Management Company and Subscriptions can be made on the basis of this document the Distributor are not responsible for the accuracy of and the KIDs, which shall be updated by the latest available information contained within the websites of other providers annual report of the Fund containing its audited accounts, which have links to any page of the AB funds website.

and by the latest semi-annual report, if later than such annual Copies of the Fund's Prospectus, Management Regulations, report.

Copies of such reports may be requested from an authorized financial advisor or at the registered office of the latest annual report and, if issued thereafter, the latest semi- annual report, as well as copies of the KIDs of the Fund, may Management Company.

be obtained at the office of the Management Company and The Shares referred to in this document are offered solely on the Distributor without cost.

the basis of the information contained herein and in the reports and documents referred to herein.

In connection with Data Protection.

Personal Data processing the offer made hereby, no person is authorized to give any Shareholders are informed that certain data relating to them information or to make any representations other than those as natural persons or to other identified or identifiable natural contained herein or in the documents referred to herein.

If persons - such as but not limited to their representatives and given or made, such information or representations must not ultimate beneficial owners - (all together referred herein as be relied upon as having been authorized by the Fund, the Management Company or the Distributor and any purchase the "Data Subjects") and their holdings in Shares (the made by any person on the basis of statements or "Personal Data") will be collected, stored and/or processed by the Fund and/or the Management Company acting on representations which are not contained in or which are behalf of the Fund (acting as joint data controllers) and/or by inconsistent with the information contained herein or in the the Transfer Agent, the Depositary, the Paying Agent (if any) documents referred to herein shall be solely at the risk of the and/or certain of the Management Company’s and/or the purchaser.

Transfer Agent's affiliates within the AB Group as well as All references herein to (i) "Dollar" and to "$" are to the U.S. their authorized agents (acting as data processors) (the Dollar, (ii) "Euro" and "€" are to the Euro, (iii) "GBP" and "£" "Relevant Parties").

The personal data will be processed (i) are to the Great Britain Pound Sterling, (iv) "SGD" or "S$" are as a result of the contractual relationship between the to the Singapore Dollar, (v) "HKD" and "HK$" are to the Hong Shareholder and the Fund and to provide related services to Kong Dollar, (vi) "AUD" and "A$" are to the Australian Dollar, the Shareholders and/or (ii) to comply with applicable laws (vii) "Yen" or "¥" are to the Japan Yen, (viii) "CAD" and "C$" and regulations (including in situations where the are to the Canadian Dollar, (ix) "NZD" or "NZ$" are to the Shareholder has no direct contractual relationship with the New Zealand Dollar, (x) "CHF" is to Swiss Franc, (xi) "ZAR" is Fund).

to South African Rand, (xii) "RMB" refers to offshore RMB ("CNH") and not onshore RMB known as CNY, (xiii) "CZK" Personal Data will only be used for the purpose for which it are to the Czech Koruna, (xiv) "PLN" are to the Polish Zloty was collected, unless the Shareholders are informed in and (xv) "BRL" are to Brazilian Real.

advance of its use for a different purpose.

None of the Shares has been or will be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the Personal Data transfer Shares may not be offered, sold, transferred or delivered, Personal Data may be transferred, subject to applicable laws directly or indirectly, in the United States (as defined in and regulations, to the Relevant Parties, acting as data the glossary of defined terms) or to any U.S.

Person (as processors or as data controllers, which may be located in or defined in the glossary of defined terms).

The Fund has outside the European Economic Area ("EEA").

Personal Data not been registered under the U.S. Investment Company may therefore be transferred to entities located in countries Act of 1940, as amended.

which are not covered by an adequacy decision of the European Commission (such as, but not limited to, AllianceBernstein Investments, a unit of the Management Singapore, Taiwan, India, Canada and United States of Company and/or AllianceBernstein Investments, a unit of America) or where data protection laws might not exist or be AllianceBernstein Investments, Inc., will act as Distributor of of a lower standard than in the EEA.

Such Personal Data the Shares in connection with the offering of the Shares transfers outside the European Union may be carried out (i) referred to herein.

Application forms for Shares are subject based on binding corporate rules concluded within the AB to acceptance by the Distributor and the Management Group and/or (ii) based on standard data protection clauses Company on behalf of the Fund.

adopted by the European Commission and/or (iii) where such iitransfer is necessary for the performance of the services Shareholders’ representation provided to the Fund and/or the Shareholder, and/or (iv) By submitting Personal Data to the Relevant Parties, the where such transfer is necessary for the performance of the Shareholders represent that they have authority to provide services based on a contract concluded between the Fund that Personal Data to the Relevant Parties.

The Management and/or the Management Company with a third party to which Company and the Fund may assume, where applicable, that Shareholders are indirectly part and which is concluded in the the Data Subjects have, where necessary, given such Shareholders’ interest.

consent and have been informed of the processing of their Personal Data and of their rights as described herein.

Mandatory disclosure of Personal Data In addition, the Data Subjects are informed that the Relevant Shareholders’ rights Parties may disclose and transfer Personal Data to third The Shareholders (and where applicable, their Data parties such as courts and/or legal, governmental or Subjects) are entitled to request (i) the access to, (ii) the regulatory bodies including tax authorities, auditors and correction or completion, (iii) the erasure, (iv) a limitation of accountants in Luxembourg as well as in other jurisdictions the processing of, (v) the portability of any Personal Data for the purpose of complying with applicable laws and processed by the Fund and/or the Management Company, in regulations, as long as an international agreement, such as a the manner and subject to the limitations prescribed in mutual legal assistance treaty, is in force between the applicable laws and regulations.

Such request must be requesting third country and the EEA or Luxembourg.

directed to the Data Protection Officer of the Management Company via post mail or e-mail.

Personal Data retention Personal Data will be retained only as long as necessary for Additional information fulfilling the services required by Shareholders or in Additional information related to the processing or transfer of accordance with applicable laws and regulations.

Personal Data and contact details of the Data Protection Officer of the Management Company are available at https://www.alliancebernstein.com/funds/abii/documents/ann oucement/ab-lux-data-protection-disclosure-to-investors.pdf iiiContents Section I: Portfolio Details Specific information on each portfolio of the Fund and its classes of shares, including investment objective and policies, summary information, and other portfolio information Multi-Asset/Asset Allocation Dynamic Diversified Portfolio .............................................................I-1 Equity Global Equity Blend Portfolio .............................................................I-11 Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio ...................................................I-25 Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio ...........................................................I-39 Japan Strategic Value Portfolio ..........................................................I-48 China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio ..................................................I-56 Fixed-Income Short Duration Bond Portfolio ...........................................................I-63 Global High Yield Portfolio .................................................................I-74 American Income Portfolio .................................................................I-89 European Income Portfolio ................................................................I-103 Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio .......................................................I-112 Mortgage Income Portfolio .................................................................I-124 Section II: Core Information General information on the Fund and the portfolios The Fund ...........................................................................................II-1 How to Purchase Shares ...................................................................II-2 How to Redeem Shares .....................................................................II-8 How to Exchange or Convert Shares .................................................II-9 Determination of Net Asset Value ......................................................II-11 Investment Types ..............................................................................II-14 Risk Factors .......................................................................................II-27 Meetings and Reports to Shareholders..............................................II-44 Management and Administration .......................................................II-45 Additional Information ........................................................................II-50 Local Information ...............................................................................II-62 Appendix A: Investment Restrictions ................................................II-65 Appendix B: Excessive and Short-Term Trading Policy and Procedures .......................................................................II-71 Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments and Collateral Management .....................................................................II-72 Appendix D: Additional Information for UK Investors ........................II-77 Appendix E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures……………………….II-79 Directory ivImportant Considerations The Fund is structured as an "umbrella fund" comprising countries will have less exposure to the risks of any one separate pools of assets (each a "Portfolio").

Investors should country, but will be exposed to risks in a larger number of reference Section I to determine the particular portfolios to countries.

which this Prospectus relates and read these "Important Many of the underlying investments of a particular portfolio Considerations" with particular attention to those important may be denominated in different currencies than that of the considerations which pertain to the underlying investments of particular portfolio.

This means currency movements in each such Portfolio.

In addition, investors should read carefully underlying investments may significantly affect the value of the "Risk Profile" set out in Section I relating to each Portfolio, any such portfolio's share prices.

as well as the "Risk Factors" in Section II.

In addition, a particular portfolio may invest, in whole or in The value of Shares of the portfolios to which this Prospectus part, in emerging markets securities to the extent permitted relates will change with the value of such portfolios' underlying by such portfolio's stated investment objective and policies.

Hence, the value of Shares and any income Investors should appreciate that these securities may be arising from them will fluctuate and is not guaranteed.

more volatile than securities issued by issuers located in Consequently, investors may not get back the full amount of more developed markets.

As a result, there may be a their investment upon redemption.

greater risk of price fluctuation and of the suspension of For any portfolio that invests in stocks, the value of underlying redemptions in such portfolios, compared with a portfolio investments may fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, in investing in more mature markets.

This volatility may stem response to the activities and results of individual companies or from political and economic factors, and may be because of general market or economic conditions.

For any exacerbated by legal, trading liquidity, settlement, transfer portfolio that invests in fixed-income securities, the value of the of securities and currency factors.

Some emerging market underlying investments will depend generally upon interest countries have relatively prosperous economies but may be rates and the credit quality of the issuer as well as general sensitive to world commodity prices.

Others are especially market or economic conditions.

vulnerable to economic conditions in other countries.

Although care is taken to understand and manage these For any portfolio that invests in fixed-income securities, the risks, the respective portfolios and their Shareholders value of the shares of such portfolio and any income arising ultimately bear the risks associated with investing in these from such shares will change in response to fluctuations in markets.

interest rates and currency exchange rates.

A portfolio may invest in high yielding securities where the risk of depreciation A particular portfolio may use various techniques for and realization of capital losses on some of the securities held hedging against market risks.

These techniques and the will be unavoidable.

In addition, medium- and lower-rated instruments used are described in Appendix A to Section II.

securities and unrated securities of comparable quality may be In addition, a particular portfolio may make ancillary use of subject to wider fluctuations in yield and market values than these techniques and instruments for the purpose of higher-rated securities.

Any portfolio which invests in essentially only one country will Investors are encouraged to consult their independent have greater exposure to market, political and economic risks financial advisors regarding the suitability of shares of a of that country.

Any portfolio which invests in multiple particular portfolio for their investment needs.

vGlossary of Defined Terms AB funds means the collective investment undertakings Investment Management Agreement means the agreement distributed under the service mark "AB" and sponsored by between the Management Company and the Investment AllianceBernstein L.P. and/or its affiliates Manager AB funds account means a notional account established by the Investment Manager means AllianceBernstein L.P., a Management Company or the Transfer Agent for each Delaware limited partnership Shareholder and reflecting all his or her shareholdings in AB funds IRC means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as AB Group means AllianceBernstein L.P. and its subsidiaries and amended affiliates IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service Administration Agreement means the agreement between the IRSO means an internationally recognized statistical ratings Management Company and the Administrator organization Administrator means Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) KID means the key information documents relating to a S.C.A.

specific portfolio’s share class ADRs means American Depositary Receipts Law of 2010 means the law of 17 December 2010 on Business Day means any day when both the New York Stock undertakings for collective investment, as amended Exchange and Luxembourg banks are open for business, unless Management Company means AllianceBernstein otherwise provided for in the Summary Information of a specific (Luxembourg) S.à r.l., a société à responsabilité limitée portfolio organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg Cash equivalent means a security that can be easily converted Management Regulations means the latest version of the into cash (treasury bill or other short-term government bond, bank Management Regulations of the Fund deposit, money-market instrument or fund) Mémorial means the Mémorial C, Recueil des Sociétés et CDSC Shares means Shares possessing a contingent deferred Associations sales charge Moody's means Moody's Investors Services, Inc. Currency of the Portfolio means the base currency of a portfolio in which its accounting records are kept as indicated under Net Asset Value means the value of the total assets of a portfolio less the total liabilities of such portfolio as described "Summary Information" in Section I with respect to that portfolio under "Determination of the Net Asset Value of Shares" in dealer means, as the context requires, broker-dealers, banks, Section II registered investment advisers, independent financial advisers and other financial intermediaries with whom the Distributor has OECD means the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development agreements Depositary means Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) Offered Currency means, for a portfolio, each currency in which the Shares are offered, as indicated under "Summary S.C.A.

Information" in Section I with respect to that portfolio Depositary Agreement means the agreement between the Management Company and the Depositary Order Cut-off Time means point in time by which orders for purchase, exchange, or redemption must be received on each Distribution Agreements means the relevant agreements Business Day, which is 4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time or between the Management Company and the Distributor relating to otherwise as indicated under "Summary Information" in Section each of the portfolios I with respect to a portfolio Distributor means AllianceBernstein Investments, a unit of the OTC means over the counter Management Company Portfolio means the portfolio(s) of the Fund identified in EDRs means European Depositary Receipts Section I hereof (or in a subsection of Section I as the context EEA means member states of the EU and Iceland, Norway and requires) Liechtenstein portfolio means one or more portfolios of the Fund as the Eligible State means any Member State, any member state of the context requires Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development Prospectus means this version of the Prospectus of the Fund ("OECD"), and any other state which the Board of Managers of the Management Company deems appropriate with regard to the QFI means qualified foreign investor(s) (including, if applicable, investment objectives of each Portfolio qualified foreign institutional investors (QFII) and Renminbi qualified foreign institutional investors (RQFII)) approved EU means the European Union pursuant to the relevant People's Republic of China ("PRC") Fund means AB FCP I, a mutual investment fund (fonds commun laws and regulations, as may be promulgated and/or amended de placement) organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of from time to time Luxembourg Regulated Market means a regulated market according to the GDRs means Global Depositary Receipts European Parliament and the Council Directive 2014/65/EU of 15 May 2014 on market in financial instruments, as amended Interested Party means the Investment Manager or its affiliates by the European Parliament and the Council Directive (which includes the Management Company) 2016/1034, as well as any other market in an Eligible State Investment Grade means fixed-income securities rated Baa which is regulated, operates regularly and is recognized and (including Baa1, Baa2 and Baa3) or higher by Moody's or BBB open to the public (including BBB+ and BBB-) or higher by S&P, or the equivalent RESA means the Recueil Electronique des Sociétés et thereof by at least one IRSO Associations S&P means S&P Global Ratings, a division of S&P Global, Inc. viSFT Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2015/2365 of the U.S.

Person means (i) with respect to any person, any European Parliament and of the Council of 25 November 2015 on individual or entity that would be a U.S.

Person under transparency of securities financing transactions and of reuse and Regulation S promulgated under the U.S. Securities Act of amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 1933, as amended; (2) with respect to individuals, any U.S. citizen or "resident alien" within the meaning of U.S. income Shareholders means the owners of Shares, as reflected in the tax laws as in effect from time to time; or (iii) with respect to shareholder register of the Fund, in respect of one or more persons other than individuals, (A) a corporation or partnership portfolios, as the context requires created or organized in the United States or under the laws of Shares means shares of the Fund of whatever class and whatever the United States or any U.S. state; (B) a trust where (I) a U.S. portfolio court is able to exercise primary supervision over the total assets means total net assets of the Portfolio as the context administration of the trust and (II) one or more U.S. persons requires have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust; and (C) an estate which is subject to U.S. tax on its Trade Date means the Business Day as of which any transaction worldwide income from all sources in Shares (purchase, redemption or exchange) for a portfolio is recorded in the Shareholder register of the Fund, in respect of one Valuation Point means the point in time at which the Net Asset or more portfolios, as the context requires, as having been Value per Share is calculated with respect to a Trade Date, accepted being 4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time on each Business Day Transfer Agent means the Management Company or AllianceBernstein Investor Services, a unit of the Management Company, the Fund's registrar and transfer agent UCI means an Undertaking for Collective Investment UCITS means an open-end mutual investment fund or investment company qualifying as an undertaking for collective investment in transferable securities UCITS Directive means Directive 2009/65/EC of the European Parliament and of the Council of 13 July 2009 on the coordination of laws, regulations and administrative provisions relating to undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities (UCITS), as amended United Kingdom means the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland United States means the United States of America or any of its territories or possessions or any area subject to its jurisdiction, including the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico viiMulti-Asset/Asset Allocation AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective issued by other entities in the Investment Manager’s The Portfolio seeks to maximize total return.

The Portfolio’s investments in mortgage- and asset-backed securities will not exceed 20% of its net Investment Policies assets, provided that such limit will not apply to investments Overview.

The Portfolio is designed as a solution for investors in such securities issued or guaranteed by the United who seek long-term growth of capital with moderate volatility by States government or any other Eligible State or United investing in a multi-asset fund which dynamically adjusts States or other Eligible State government sponsored investment exposures.

entities The Portfolio invests in a globally diversified portfolio of The Portfolio may purchase fixed-income instruments rated securities and other financial instruments, including financial Investment Grade or below Investment Grade, as well as derivative instruments ("Derivatives"), that provide investment those instruments which possess no rating.

exposures to a variety of asset classes.

These asset classes Real Estate.

The Portfolio may obtain indirect exposure to may include equity securities and fixed income instruments, global real estate and/or the global real estate industry including high-yield securities, real estate-related securities, through certain permitted investments such as equity currencies, commodity-related securities and alternatives with securities of global real estate investments trusts ("REITs") no prescribed limits.

In normal market conditions the or via equity securities of global mortgage REITs or other Investment Manager anticipates that a majority of the global real estate industry-related companies, such as real Portfolio’s exposure will be to equities.

The Portfolio may estate operating companies ("REOCs"), as well as invest in smaller capitalization as well as larger capitalization Derivatives.

The Portfolio is not subject to any limitation on the portion of its net assets that may be invested in any one Commodities.

The Portfolio may obtain indirect exposure country or region, including in any developed or emerging to commodities through permitted investments such as market country.

certain Derivatives on commodity indices and exchange- traded funds qualified as UCITS or eligible UCI within the The Investment Manager will utilize its proprietary "Dynamic meaning of the Law of 2010.

The Portfolio may also seek Asset Allocation" strategy to adjust the Portfolio’s various commodity-related exposures through investment in investment exposures among these asset classes with the goal equities of commodity producers or other commodity- of producing what the Investment Manager considers to be the related issuers.

Portfolio’s optimal risk/return profile at any particular point in time.

The Portfolio may invest without limitation in securities denominated in developed and emerging market The Portfolio may obtain active or passive investment currencies.

exposures to individual asset classes, and subsequently adjust these exposures, through investment in individual securities or Based upon its currency research and outlook, the through the use of Derivatives or otherwise.

Investment Manager may adjust the Portfolio's various currency exposures at any point in time.

The Investment Equities.

The Portfolio may obtain equity exposure by Manager utilizes its in-house risk and return models investing in common stocks, but also may invest in preferred developed specifically for this purpose, taking into account stocks, warrants and convertible securities for global issuers the Portfolio’s various currency exposures.

In addition, the including sponsored and unsponsored American Depository Portfolio may invest in currencies for which the Portfolio Receipts ("ADRs") and Global Depositary Receipts ("GDRs"), may or may not possess underlying currency exposures.

as well as Derivatives.

The Portfolio may obtain fixed-income The Portfolio offers one or more "Currency Hedged Share exposure by investing in fixed-income instruments and Classes" listed in the Summary Information table in this Derivatives.

The Portfolio may also invest in cash, cash Section I (below).

These share classes are designed for equivalents, or short-term fixed-income obligations, including non-base currency investors who seek to reduce the effect money market instruments.

of currency fluctuations between the Portfolio’s base currency and their investing currency.

Many types of fixed income instruments may be purchased by the Portfolio, including, without limitation, debt obligations For additional information on Currency Hedged Share issued by sovereign or other governmental or municipal Classes, see "Currency Hedged Share Classes" in this entities, including, but not limited to, governmental agencies Section I (below) and "How to Purchase Shares – Currency and instrumentalities (collectively, "governmental entities"), as Hedged Share Classes" in Section II.

well as debt obligations issued or guaranteed by various Alternatives.

The Portfolio may invest in equities and fixed organizations or entities established generally to promote income instruments which provide exposures to various global, regional or country-specific economic reconstruction or types of alternative investments, in the Investment development (collectively, "supranational entities"), corporate Manager’s discretion, including but not limited to hedge bonds, various types of asset-backed securities, various types funds, and private equity provided that such securities and of mortgage-related securities, preferred stock and inflation- instruments qualify as "transferable securities" under UCITS protected securities, as well as fixed-income instruments I-1AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio regulations and then only within the limits prescribed for Type of Expected Range Maximum UCITS.

These alternative investments may include pooled Transactions vehicles or other products sponsored and/or managed by the TRS 0%-25% 100% Investment Manager or its affiliates or unaffiliated third parties.

Repurchase 0%-5% 10% Dynamic Asset Allocation Strategy agreements and The Investment Manager will utilize its proprietary "Dynamic reverse repurchase Asset Allocation" strategy to adjust the Portfolio’s various agreements investment exposures with the goal of producing what the Investment Manager considers to be the Portfolio’s optimal Securities lending N/A N/A risk/return profile at any particular point in time.

transactions Dynamic Asset Allocation comprises a series of volatility, correlation and expected return forecasting tools that allows For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer the Investment Manager to gauge short-term fluctuations in to "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial risk/return trade-offs across various asset classes.

Dynamic Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Asset Allocation aims to reduce overall portfolio volatility thus Instruments and Collateral Management."

mitigating the effects of these short-term fluctuations, including Leverage.

The Investment Manager does not expect to "tail" events in extreme market environments, without utilize bank borrowing in implementing the Portfolio’s sacrificing consistent long-term return potential.

investment strategy.

The expected level of leverage of the For example, the Investment Manager may seek to reduce the Portfolio is estimated to be in the 0% to 300% range of its Portfolio’s risk exposure to one or more asset classes when the Net Asset Value.

The expected level of leverage is Dynamic Asset Allocation tool suggests that market risks calculated as the sum of the notionals of the financial relevant to these asset classes are rising but return derivative instruments held by the Portfolio.

Pursuant to the opportunities are declining.

Conversely, the Investment CSSF Circular 11/512 dated 30 May 2011, this calculation Manager may tend to seek a more aggressive posture when methodology neither takes into account the fact that a the Dynamic Asset Allocation tool suggests that return particular financial derivative instrument increases or opportunities for one or more of these asset classes are rising decreases the Portfolio’s investment risks nor permits to net and market risks are declining.

financial derivative instruments with reverse positions.

With this methodology, the use of derivatives for hedging The Portfolio may obtain investment exposures to individual purposes will automatically increase the level of leverage.

asset classes, and subsequently adjust these exposures, Consequently, shareholders should be aware that a higher through investment in individual securities or through the use of level of expected leverage does not automatically imply a Derivatives.

Dynamic adjustments to the Portfolio’s various higher level of investment risk.

In addition, the actual investment exposures among asset classes are expected to be leverage of the Portfolio may deviate from the above implemented principally through Derivatives.

In choosing the mentioned expected level of leverage.

method and instruments for implementation of its Dynamic Asset Allocation strategy, the Investment Manager will evaluate Risk measurement.

The Investment Manager will utilize a trading costs, liquidity, and the expected period of adjustment Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to monitor the global for each asset allocation.

exposure (market risk) for the Portfolio.

The global exposure of the Portfolio is measured by the absolute VaR Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio methodology pursuant to which the VaR of the Portfolio Management Techniques may not exceed 20% of its Net Asset Value.

The Investment Manager may use Derivatives for efficient Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the Secured portfolio management, hedging or investment purposes.

Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR).

The Portfolio uses the The Investment Manager may use, without limitation, benchmark for performance comparison.

The Portfolio is exchange-traded Derivatives (e.g., options, stock index futures actively managed and the Investment Manager is not or bond futures) and over-the-counter Derivatives (e.g., constrained by its benchmark when implementing the currency forwards, options, total return swaps, interest rate Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may swaps and credit default swaps).

The Portfolio also may seek hold, in certain market conditions and subject to the exposures to a particular issuer or asset class through various Investment Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of other types of Derivatives and/or structured products.

the components of the benchmark, it will not hold every component of the benchmark and may also hold securities In accordance with the transparency requirements of the SFT that are not part of it.

Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net assets that Other Investment Policies will be subject to securities financing transactions (i.e.

The Portfolio is not subject to any limitation on the portion of securities lending transactions as well as repurchase its total assets that may be invested in any one country or agreements and reverse repurchase agreements) ("SFTs") and region, including in any emerging market country or region.

total return swaps and/or other financial derivative instruments The Portfolio's investments in securities of issuers with similar characteristics ("TRS"); being specified that in domiciled in emerging market countries are not expected to certain circumstances this proportion may be higher.

exceed 30% of the Portfolio's net assets.

The Investment Manager, in its discretion, will determine which countries I-2AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio constitute "emerging market countries."

In general, emerging fees charged at the level of each pooled vehicle.

The market countries will be countries considered by the global Portfolio will not charge an Investment Management fee in financial community to be developing countries, including respect of that portion of its assets the Investment Manager countries from time to time included in the MSCI Emerging has allocated to another pooled vehicle or other product Markets IndexSM, a free float-adjusted market capitalization sponsored and/or managed by the Investment Manager or index designed to measure equity market performance in the an affiliate.

Where the Portfolio invests in a pooled vehicle global emerging markets.

The Investment Manager's or another product sponsored and/or managed by the determination of which countries constitute emerging market Investment Manager or its affiliates, the manager of the countries may change from time to time.

underlying pooled vehicle or product will not charge a front- end sales charge or other subscription or redemption fee As a temporary defensive measure or to provide for paid to the Investment Manager or its affiliates in respect of redemptions, the Portfolio may, without limit, hold cash, cash such investment.

Transaction fees or charges designed to equivalents, or short-term fixed-income obligations, including protect investors of a pooled vehicle and paid to such money market instruments.

pooled vehicle (and not to the Investment Manager or its The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its net assets in affiliates) for the benefit of shareholders are permissible securities for which there is no ready market.

See paragraph however.

(5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

Currency Hedged Share Classes The Portfolio may therefore not be readily able to sell such securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual restrictions on One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a the resale of such securities.

particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class Use of Pooled Vehicles will constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency In order to more efficiently manage its assets and to gain Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return exposure to certain asset classes, including alternatives, the more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency Portfolio may invest in pooled vehicles or other products return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations sponsored and/or managed by the Investment Manager or its between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the affiliates or unaffiliated third parties.

relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging These pooled vehicles or other products must comply with the strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not requirements of the CSSF in relation to UCITS-eligible eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base collective investment schemes.

The ability of the Portfolio to currency and the Offered Currency.

invest in open ended UCITS or other UCIs is not subject to the 10% limitation contained in paragraph (8) of "Investment Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

Therefore, the investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets Portfolio may invest in open ended UCITS or other UCIs in since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency accordance with the UCITS Regulations.

Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying The Investment Manager expects that the majority of the assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

Portfolio’s investments in pooled vehicles or other products will Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will be in those pooled vehicles sponsored and/or managed by the be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to Investment Manager or its affiliates.

However, the Investment which such expenses are incurred.

Manager may invest in pooled vehicles sponsored and/or managed by unaffiliated third parties if, in the Investment For additional information on share class hedging, see Manager’s discretion, such investments may provide more "How to Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share efficient exposure to certain asset classes.

Classes" in Section II.

The Portfolio may only invest in an open ended UCITS or non- Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG UCITS scheme which it itself can invest no more than 10% of considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and net asset value in other UCITS or other collective investment details can be found at undertakings.

The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its net assets in The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental aggregate in unlisted securities and unregulated investment and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix funds, including hedge funds, in accordance with the UCITS E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more Regulations.

The Portfolio’s investments in other pooled vehicles sponsored and/or managed by the Investment Manager, its affiliates or unaffiliated third parties may be subject to the investment management fees and to the extent applicable, performance I-3AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the Portfolio USD Order Cut-Off For USD-Denominated Share Times Classes, EUR-Denominated Net Asset Value Each Business Day Share Classes and SGD- Calculation Denominated Share Classes 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on Net Asset Value Available at each Business Day Publication www.alliancebernstein.com For Currency Hedged Share Class Names Classes H means Currency Hedged Share 6:00 P.M. Central European Classes.

For additional information Distributions* Time on each Business Day on share class hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares—Currency For class AR shares Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk To be declared and payable Factors -- Currency Hedged Share annually with a distribution rate Class Risk" in Section II.

to be derived from gross income (before deduction of fees and expenses) For class A, C, I, S, S1, SP, S1P, AX, BX, CX, IX shares None.

* Includes Hedged Share Classes Share Class Fees and Charges1 Management Distribution Contingent Deferred Sales Initial Sales Charge3 Fee4 Fee5 Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 1.90% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.70% None None Class SP Shares7†† None None None None Class S1P Shares†† None 0.70% None None Class AX Shares† Up to 5.00% 1.40% None None 0–1 year held=4.0% 1–2 yrs=3.0% 2–3 yrs=2.0% Class BX Shares2† No longer offered 1.40% 1.00% 3–4 yrs=1.0% 4+ yrs=0% 0—1 year held=1.0% Class CX Shares† None 1.70% None thereafter 0% Class IX Shares†8 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None I-4AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio Class AX Shares† Up to 5.00% 1.40% None None 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 1.90% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class AX Shares† Up to 5.00% 1.40% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Up to 5.00% Class A EUR H Shares 1.70% None None Class AR EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C EUR H Shares None 1.90% None thereafter 0% Class I EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class S EUR H Shares7 None None None None Class S1 EUR H Shares None 0.70% None None Class SP EUR H None None None None Shares8†† Class S1P EUR H None 0.70% None None Shares†† GBP Hedged Share Classes Class S GBP H Shares7 None None None None Class S1 GBP H Shares None 0.70% None None Class SP GBP H None None None None Shares7†† Class S1P GBP H None 0.70% None None Shares†† 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer 3 As a percentage of purchase price.

Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as 4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How to intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, and Expenses" in Section II.

until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the aggregate 6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or fees and expenses with respect to the following share classes of the original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the Portfolio (including any management fee and all other fees and duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d'Abonnement but exclusive of such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the Portfolio's With respect to class C shares (and corresponding H shares), a average Net Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to the dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred sales charge in Portfolio's share classes (and corresponding H shares) as follows: A certain circumstances.

otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

8 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share 2 After six years from the date of purchase, BX shares are eligible for Class Information" in Section II.

conversion to class AX shares without charge from either the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion of † Class AX, BX, CX and IX shares have been retired and are no shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares— longer open to new purchases, except from existing shareholders Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

of these share classes.

I-5AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio †† Class SP and S1P shares (and corresponding H shares) are reserved for pension plan investors.

Other Share Class Features Minimum Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Offered Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class C Shares None 0.05% Dollar $1 million** Class I Shares None None 0.05% Dollar $100 million** None Class S Shares None 0.01% Dollar $10 million** None Class S1 Shares None 0.01% Class SP Shares Dollar $100 million** None None 0.01% Class S1P Shares Dollar $10 million** None None 0.01% Class AX Shares Dollar No longer offered $750 None 0.05% to new investors Dollar Class BX Shares No longer offered No longer offered No longer offered 0.05% Dollar No longer offered $750 Class CX Shares None 0.05% to new investors Dollar No longer offered Class IX Shares None None 0.05% to new investors EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% EUR No longer offered Class AX Shares €750 None 0.05% to new investors Class C Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% SGD-Denominated Share Classes No longer offered Class AX Shares None 0.05% SGD to new investors S$1,000 Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AR EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I EUR H Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S EUR H Shares Euro €100 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 EUR H Shares Euro €10 million** None None 0.01% Class SP EUR H Shares Euro €100 million** None None 0.01% Class S1P EUR H Shares Euro €10 million** None None 0.01% GBP Hedged Share Classes Class S GBP H Shares GBP £50million** None None 0.01% Class S1 GBP H Shares GBP £5 million** None None 0.01% Class SP GBP H Shares GBP £50 million** None None 0.01% Class S1P GBP H Shares GBP £5 million** None None 0.01% I-6AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

I-7AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types investment exposures.

Investors are encouraged to consult their independent financial advisors regarding the suitability For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments of Shares of the Portfolio for their investment needs.

used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors should Distributions refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of the For class AR shares (and corresponding H shares), the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is subject to Management Company intends to declare and make annual the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment objective distributions.

Distributions may come from gross income and policies and the limitations contained in "Investment (before reduction for fees and expenses), realized and Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

unrealized gains and capital attributable to the relevant Risk Profile class.

Distributions in excess of net income (gross income less fees and expenses) may represent a return of the The Portfolio may make use of financial derivative instruments.

investor’s original investment amount and as such may The investment restrictions (9) to (13) set forth in Appendix A result in a decrease in the NAV per share for the relevant to Section II will not apply.

This Portfolio shall employ instead class.

For further details concerning the VaR approach, please refer to "Appendix C: The Management Company also may determine if and to Additional Information relating to Financial Derivative what extent dividends paid include realized capital gains Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments and and/or are paid out of capital, attributable to the relevant Collateral Management".

class of Shares.

To the extent the net income and net realized profits attributable to these Shares exceed the Investments of the Portfolio are subject to higher risks inherent amount declared payable, the excess return will be in equity investments.

In general, the value of equity reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

investments may fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, in Dividends may be automatically reinvested at the election response to the activities and results of individual companies or of the Shareholder.

because of general market, economic, political and natural conditions that are difficult to predict.

Such factors include the For class A, C, I, S, S1, SP, S1P, AX, BX, CX and IX possibility of sudden or prolonged market declines and risks shares (and corresponding H shares), the Management associated with individual companies.

Historically, equity Company currently does not intend to pay dividends with securities have provided greater long-term returns and have respect to the Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net entailed greater short-term risks than other investment choices.

realized profits attributable to the Shares will be reflected in Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are the respective Net Asset Value of the Shares.

subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions offering these securities and their market value is influenced by Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and changes in interest rates.

The Portfolio's fixed-income Transfer Agent Fees securities investments will generally be of Investment Grade or For all Shares of the Portfolio (and corresponding H shares) equivalent quality.

There can be no assurance that any except class S, S1, SP and S1P shares (and corresponding distribution payments will occur and the Portfolio has no H shares), the Management Company is paid an annual fee specific maturity.

out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency Value attributable to the Shares equal to 0.10% of average fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in securities.

The Management Company is paid Therefore, no assurance can be given that the investment an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the objective will be achieved, that invested capital will be aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the class S, S1, preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment SP and S1P shares (and corresponding H shares) equal to results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual the lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does not represent a Value.

The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent Allocation of investments among different global asset classes fee for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the utilizing the Investment Manager’s proprietary Dynamic Asset Portfolio in accordance with the usual practice in Allocation diversification strategy may involve additional risks.

Luxembourg and shall not exceed a fixed maximum See "Risks Factors and Special Considerations—General specified under Section II of the prospectus under Risks—Dynamic Asset Allocation Risk" in Section II.

"Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase depending on the For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio and assets of the Portfolio and transaction volume or for other a more detailed discussion of these and other risks applicable reasons.

to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk Factors" in Section II.

Organizational Expenses Profile of the Typical Investor The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

The Portfolio is designed as a solution for investors who seek Historical Performance medium to long-term growth of capital with moderate volatility Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio by investing in a multi-asset fund which dynamically adjusts may be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

I-8AB FCP I—Dynamic Diversified Portfolio History The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund under the name Global Balanced Portfolio on 2 November 2004, and subsequently renamed Dynamic Diversified Portfolio on 15 April 2011.

I-9Equity AB FCP I—Global Equity Blend Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective The Investment Manager's Investment Team may (i) The Portfolio seeks to achieve long-term growth of capital.

redesignate or alter the criteria relating to an existing subportfolio as a particular industry sector's growth The Portfolio invests in global equity portfolios that are potential fluctuates, (ii) retire an existing subportfolio as the designed as solutions for investors who seek equity returns but growth potential of the relevant industry sector decreases or also want broad diversification of the related risks across (iii) establish a new subportfolio as the growth potential of a styles, sectors and geographic regions.

In managing the new or different industry sector increases.

Portfolio, the Investment Manager efficiently diversifies between growth and value equity investment styles.

The Global Value.

The Portfolio's value stocks are selected Investment Manager selects growth and value equity securities using the fundamental value investment discipline of the by drawing from a variety of its fundamental growth and value Investment Manager's Bernstein Unit.

In selecting stocks, investment disciplines to produce a blended portfolio.

the Investment Manager's value investment teams seek to identify companies whose long-term earning power and Normally, the Investment Manager's targeted allocation for the dividend paying capability are not reflected in the current Portfolios is an equal weighting of 50% growth stocks and 50% market price of their securities.

The Investment Manager will allow the relative discipline relies heavily upon the Investment Manager's weightings of the Portfolio's growth and value components to large internal value research staff, which follows over 2,700 vary in response to markets, but ordinarily only within a range companies.

Teams within the value research staff cover a of +/- 5% of the Portfolio.

Beyond those ranges, the given industry worldwide, to better understand each Investment Manager will generally rebalance the Portfolio company's competitive position in a global context.

The toward the targeted allocation.

However, under extraordinary Investment Manager's staff of approximately 70 dedicated circumstances, when the Investment Manager believes that value analysts prepares its own earnings estimates and conditions favoring one or the other investment are compelling, financial models for each company analyzed.

The the range may expand to +/-10% of the Portfolio before Investment Manager identifies and quantifies the critical rebalancing occurs.

variables that control a business's performance and Description of Investment Disciplines and Processes analyzes the results in order to forecast each company's long-term prospects and expected returns.

Global Growth.

The Portfolio's growth stocks are selected using the Investment Manager's growth investment discipline.

The "Value" investment discipline attempts to identify The growth investment team selects stocks using a process securities that are undervalued using a disciplined that seeks to identify companies with superior earnings growth fundamental value approach.

The Investment Manager prospects.

This discipline relies heavily upon the fundamental believes that, over time, a company's stock price will come analysis and research of the Investment Manager's large to reflect its intrinsic economic value.

The Investment internal growth research staff of approximately 50 dedicated Manager's fundamental value approach to equity investing growth analysts, which follows approximately 1,400 generally defines value by reference to the relationship companies.

between a security's current price and its intrinsic economic value as measured by long-term earnings prospects.

In The Investment Manager places research emphasis on each market, this approach seeks to identify a universe of identifying companies whose substantially above-average securities that are considered to be undervalued because prospective earnings growth potential appears likely to outpace they are attractively priced relative to their future earnings market expectations.

Accordingly, forecasting corporate earnings and The Portfolio's total net assets invested in global equity dividend-paying capability is the heart of the fundamental securities utilizing the Investment Manager's Global Growth approach.

Securities of companies in any industry, country investment discipline will be allocated by the Investment or region can become mispriced, and the Investment Manager among various industry sectors determined by the Manager will seek to exploit all such opportunities when Investment Manager to possess superior growth potential, selecting securities for the Portfolio.

each such industry sector designated a "subportfolio."

The Other Investment Policies individual global equity securities represented by a subportfolio The Portfolio is not subject to any limitation on the portion of relating to a particular industry sector will be selected by the its total assets that may be invested in any one country or Investment Manager's in-house research specialist(s) region.

The Portfolio intends to spread investment risk and responsible for that particular industry sector.

expect to invest in equity securities of issuers domiciled in The current subportfolios designated by the Investment developed countries, including Australia, Canada, Japan, Manager in conjunction with the Investment Manager's Global the United States and the developed nations in Europe and Growth investment discipline are as follows: (1) technology, Asia.

The Portfolio will be permitted to invest in securities (2) consumer, (3) finance and (4) industrial cyclicals.

The of issuers domiciled, or with significant operations, in other percentage of the Portfolio's total net assets allocated to any countries, including emerging market countries.

one subportfolio will depend upon the Investment Manager's The Portfolio's investments in securities of issuers assessment of current and forecasted investment opportunities domiciled in emerging market countries are not expected to and conditions.

I-10AB FCP I—Global Equity Blend Portfolio exceed 30% of the Portfolio's net assets.

The Investment Type of Expected Range Maximum Manager, in its discretion, will determine which countries Transactions constitute "emerging market countries."

In general, emerging TRS 0%-10% 50% market countries will be countries considered by the global financial community to be developing countries, including Repurchase N/A N/A countries from time to time included in the MSCI Emerging agreements and Markets IndexSM, a free float-adjusted market capitalization reverse repurchase index designed to measure equity market performance in the agreements global emerging markets.

The Investment Manager's determination of which countries constitute emerging market Securities lending 0%-10% 25% countries may change from time to time.

transactions The Investment Manager will, based upon its currency research and outlook, adjust the Portfolio's currency exposures For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer while taking into account both (a) the Portfolio's overall non- to "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial base currency exposure, as well as (b) the expected risk and Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and return of each of the particular currencies in the Portfolio's Instruments and Collateral Management."

The Investment Manager uses its in-house models Risk Measurement.

The methodology used in order to developed specifically for this purpose.

Accordingly, the monitor the global exposure (market risk) resulting from the Investment Manager may hedge all, some or none of the use of financial derivative instruments is the commitment currency exposures depending on whether its research approach in accordance with the CSSF Circular 11/512.

indicates that the currency is poised to fall or rise against the Portfolio's base currency.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the MSCI World As a temporary defensive measure or to provide for Index.

The Portfolio uses the benchmark for performance redemptions, the Portfolio may, without limit, hold cash, cash comparison.

The Portfolio is actively managed and the equivalents, or short-term fixed-income obligations, including Investment Manager is not constrained by its benchmark money market instruments.

when implementing the Portfolio’s investment strategy.

The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its net assets in Although the Portfolio may hold, in certain market securities for which there is no ready market.

See paragraph conditions and subject to the Investment Manager’s full (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

discretion, a significant part of the components of the The Portfolio may therefore not be readily able to sell such benchmark, it will not hold every component of the securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual restrictions on benchmark and may also hold securities that are not part of the resale of such securities.

The Investment Manager expects that at any time at least 90% Currency Hedged Share Classes of the Portfolio’s total assets will be invested in equity One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a securities and in no case will the amount of the Portfolio’s particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be assets invested in such securities be less than two-thirds of the hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class Portfolio’s total assets.

will constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return Management Techniques.

more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations Efficient portfolio management and hedging techniques may between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the include use of exchange-traded and OTC derivative relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical instruments, including swaps, options, futures and currency considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging transactions.

strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not In accordance with the transparency requirements of the SFT eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, the currency and the Offered Currency.

expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net assets that will be subject to securities financing transactions (i.e.

Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the securities lending transactions as well as repurchase investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets agreements and reverse repurchase agreements) ("SFTs") and since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency total return swaps and/or other financial derivative instruments Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying with similar characteristics ("TRS"); being specified that in assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

Expenses certain circumstances this proportion may be higher.

incurred as a result of such hedging activity will be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share Classes" in Section II.

I-11AB FCP I—Global Equity Blend Portfolio Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and details can be found at www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more information).

I-12AB FCP I—Global Equity Blend Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share Portfolio Classes.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How Net Asset Value Each Business Day to Purchase Shares—Currency Calculation Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk Factors -- Currency Hedged Share Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com Class Risk" in Section II.

Publication Cut-Off Times For USD-Denominated Share Classes, EUR- Distributions* None.

Denominated Share Classes, GBP-Denominated Share Classes, HKD-Denominated Share Classes * Includes Hedged Share Classes.

and SGD-Denominated Share Classes 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each Business Day For Currency Hedged Share Classes 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day Share Class Fees and Charges1 Initial Sales Contingent Deferred Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Sales Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.60% None None 0–1 year held=4.0% 1–2 yrs=3.0% Class B Shares2* None 1.60% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=2.0% 3–4 yrs=1.0% 4+ yrs=0% 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.05% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares9 Up to 1.50% 0.80% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.70% None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.60% None None 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.05% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares9 Up to 1.50% 0.80% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.70% None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class S Shares7 None None None None SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.60% None None 0–1 year held=4.0% 1–2 yrs=3.0% Class B Shares2* None 1.60% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=2.0% 3–4 yrs=1.0% 4+ yrs=0% Class S1 Shares None 0.70% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.60% None None Fiscally Transparent Share Classes [for Certain Eligible Investors with approval from the Management Company]8 Class SA GB Shares None None None None Class S1A GB and S1B GB Shares None 0.70% None None I-131 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer 6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How to such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, With respect to class C shares, a dealer may elect to waive the until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies contingent deferred sales charge in certain circumstances.

Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the aggregate 7 Class S shares are reserved for institutional investors that have fees and expenses with respect to the following share classes of the entered into an agreement with the Management Company and Portfolio (including any management fee and all other fees and are being charged an investment management fee separately.

expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in 8 Class SA GB and S1A GB Shares are available only to those UK Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d'Abonnement but exclusive of institutional investors who demonstrate to the satisfaction of the certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on Management Company that they are exempt from withholding tax borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the average Net on U.S.-source dividend income under the relevant tax treaty Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to the Portfolio's share between the investor's country of tax residence and the United classes (and corresponding H shares) as follows: A (2.10%), B States and agree to provide the Management Company certain (3.10%), C (2.55%), I (1.30%), S (0.10%), S1 (0.80%), SA GB other certifications and information to the extent required to (0.10%) and S1A GB (0.80%) and S1B GB (0.80%), the Fund may establish their eligibility for these shares.

deduct from the payment to be made to the Management Company, Class S1B GB Shares are available only to those UK/Irish or the Management Company will otherwise bear, such excess fees institutional investors who demonstrate to the satisfaction of the and expenses.

Management Company that they entitled to reduced withholding 2 After six years from the date of purchase, class B shares are eligible tax of 15% on US-source dividend income under the relevant tax for conversion to class A shares without charge.

For further details on treaty between the investor's country of tax residence and the the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or United States and agree to provide the Management Company Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II.

certain other certifications and information to the extent required 3 As a percentage of purchase price.

to establish their eligibility for these shares.

4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With 9 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also Class Information" in Section II.

include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial * Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the offered.

However, Class B shares may be made available for management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees and exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation Expenses" in Section II.

thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

other AB fund.

Other Share Class Features Offered Minimum Initial Minimum Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 $250,000 0.05% Class B Shares Class C Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I Shares Dollar $1 million*** None None 0.05% Dollar Class S1 Shares $25 million** None None 0.01% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I Shares EUR €1,000,000** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares EUR €20 million** None None 0.01% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class S Shares HKD HK$200 million** None None 0.01% SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class B Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 S$350,000 0.05% Class S1 Shares SGD S$ 37.5 million** None None 0.01% Fiscally Transparent Share Classes [for Certain Eligible Investors with approval from the Management Company] Class SA GB Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Shares Class S1A GB and Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% S1B GB Shares I-14AB FCP I—Global Equity Blend Portfolio Hedged Minimum Initial Minimum Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A EUR H EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Shares * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

I-15AB FCP I—Global Equity Blend Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer should refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of Agent Fees".

These fees are subject to the limitation on the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is expenses discussed in note 1 to "Summary Information— subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment Share Class Fees and Charges" above and may decrease or objective and policies and the limitations contained in increase depending on the assets of the Portfolio and "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

transaction volume or for other reasons.

Risk Profile Organizational Expenses Investments of the Portfolio are subject to higher risks The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

inherent in equity investments.

In general, the value of equity Historical Performance investments may fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, in response to the activities and results of individual companies Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio may or because of general market, economic, political and natural be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

conditions that are difficult to predict.

Such factors include History the possibility of sudden or prolonged market declines and The Portfolio was established on 15 July 2002 as a portfolio risks associated with individual companies.

Historically, within ACM Bernstein Blended Style Investments, a mutual equity securities have provided greater long-term returns and investment fund managed by the Management Company and have entailed greater short-term risks than other investment organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of choices.

Luxembourg, under the name "Global Equity Portfolio".

On 1 The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency September 2003, ACM Bernstein Blended Style Investments fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in was amalgamated into the Fund and the assets of Global securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Equity Portfolio were contributed into the Global Blend investment objective will be achieved, that invested capital Portfolio, a new portfolio created within the Fund.

On 10 will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

November 2004, Global Blend Portfolio was renamed "Global Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, Equity Blend Portfolio".

quarterly or annual basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does not represent a complete investment program.

For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks applicable to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk Factors" in Section II.

Profile of the Typical Investor The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking the medium to long term rewards of equity investment.

Investors are encouraged to consult their independent financial advisors regarding the suitability of Shares of the Portfolio for their investment needs.

Distributions The Management Company currently does not intend to pay dividends with respect to the Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net realized profits attributable to the Shares will be reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of the Shares.

Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class S and S1 shares, the Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal to 0.10% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the class S and S1 shares equal to the lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

I-16AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective In accordance with the transparency requirements of the The investment objective of the Portfolio is long-term growth of SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, capital.

the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net assets that will be subject to securities financing Investment Policies transactions (i.e.

securities lending transactions as well as The Portfolio seeks to achieve its investment objective by repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase investing in a portfolio of equity securities of companies in agreements) ("SFTs") and total return swaps and/or other emerging markets.

Emerging markets include but are not financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics limited to those countries listed in the MSCI Emerging Markets ("TRS"); being specified that in certain circumstances this Index.

The Portfolio may also invest in frontier markets from proportion may be higher.

Frontier markets include but are not limited to those countries listed in the S&P Frontier Broad Market Index.

Type of Expected Range Maximum In selecting securities for investment, the Investment Manager Transactions seeks to invest in high-quality issuers that it believes are well- TRS 0%-10% 25% positioned to grow over the long term.

Repurchase N/A N/A The Investment Manager expects that, under normal market agreements and conditions, the Portfolio’s total assets will be predominantly reverse repurchase invested in the equity securities of emerging market and agreements frontier market companies.

The Portfolio will invest at least two-thirds of its assets in emerging markets issuers and at Securities lending 0%-10% 25% least 50% of its net assets in equity securities.

Emerging transactions market and frontier market companies include any company that (i) is domiciled or organized in; (ii) is established and conducting business in; (iii) conducts a significant part of its For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer economic activities in; or (iv) has business activities that are to "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial meaningfully impacted by economic developments in, Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and emerging markets or frontier markets.

Instruments and Collateral Management."

The Portfolio may invest in common stocks, including the stock of companies conducting an initial public offering, and Risk Measurement.

The methodology used in order to securities convertible into common stock, preferred stocks, the monitor the global exposure (market risk) resulting from the equity securities of real estate investments trusts ("REITs"), use of financial derivative instruments is the commitment depositary receipts (including ADRs and GDRs), and approach in accordance with the CSSF Circular 11/512.

exchange-traded funds ("ETFs") qualified as UCITS or eligible UCI within the meaning of Article 41(1)e) of the Law of 2010, Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the MSCI as well as financial derivative instruments.

The Portfolio uses the benchmark Currency Management.

The Portfolio may utilize currency for performance comparison.

The Portfolio is actively management techniques to hedge currency exposure or managed and the Investment Manager is not constrained provide exposure greater than that provided by the underlying by its benchmark when implementing the Portfolio’s equity positions.

investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may hold, in certain market conditions and subject to the Investment Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of the Management Techniques.

The Investment Manager may use components of the benchmark, it will not hold every derivative products and strategies when implementing the component of the benchmark and may also hold securities Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Such financial derivative that are not part of it.

instruments (including OTC and exchange-traded financial derivative instruments) may include, but are not limited to, options, futures, forwards and swaps, including transactions on Other Investment Policies equity securities and currencies, as well as "local access products" (such as equity linked certificates, participation notes Lack of Liquidity.

The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of and warrants).

These financial derivative instruments and its net assets in securities for which there is no ready efficient portfolio management techniques will be market.

See paragraph (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in predominantly employed (i) as an alternative to investing Appendix A to Section II.

The Portfolio may therefore not directly in the underlying investments,(ii) to hedge against be readily able to sell such securities.

Moreover, there may equity markets risk, specific issuer risk and currency be contractual restrictions on the resale of such securities.

fluctuations and (iii) for efficient portfolio management Defensive Position – Holding Cash or Cash purposes.

The Portfolio may hold cash or cash equivalents and short-term fixed-income securities, including money market instruments, as a temporary I-17AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio defensive measure or to provide for redemptions or in Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the anticipation of investment in various international markets.

investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency Future Developments.

On an ancillary basis, the Portfolio Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying may take advantage of other investment instruments and assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

strategies including those that are not currently contemplated Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will for use by the Portfolio to the extent such investment practices be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to are consistent with the Portfolio’s investment objective and which such expenses are incurred.

legally permissible.

Currency Hedged Share Classes One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class will details can be found at constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the relevant Offered E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more Currency, taking into account practical considerations such as information).

The hedging strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

I-18AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Order Cut- For USD-Denominated Share Classes, EUR- Portfolio Off Times Denominated Share Classes, GBP- Denominated Share Classes, HKD- Net Asset Value Each Business Day Denominated Share Classes and SGD- Calculation Denominated Share Classes 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com Business Day Publication Distributions* For Currency Hedged Share Classes 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day For class A, B, C, I, N, S, S1,and W shares None.

For class AD and ED shares To be declared and payable monthly See "Distributions" below.

*Includes Hedged Share Classes Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share Classes.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares— Currency Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk Factors – Currency Hedged Share Class Risk" in Section II.

Share Class Fees and Charges1 Contingent Deferred Initial Sales Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Sales Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None Class AD Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0–1 year held=4.0% 1–2 yrs=3.0% Class B Shares2* None 1.70% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=2.0% 3–4 yrs=1.0% 4+ yrs=0% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class ED Shares9 None 1.70% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class N Shares Up to 3.00% 2.15% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.90% None None Clas W Shares8 None 0.70% None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.90% None None GBP-Denominated Share Classes None 0.90% None None Class S1 Shares I-19AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class A AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None Class AD AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C AUD H Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=3.0% Class ED AUD H 1–2 yrs=2.0% None 1.70% 1.00% Shares9 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A CHF H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None Class I CHF H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A PLN H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% Class ED ZAR H 1–2 yrs=2.0% None 1.70% 1.00% Shares9 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as and Expenses" in Section II.

described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How to original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the aggregate CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

fees and expenses with respect to the following share classes of the With respect to class C shares (and corresponding H shares Portfolio (including any management fee and all other fees and classes), a dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in sales charge in certain circumstances.

Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d'Abonnement but exclusive of 7 Class S shares are reserved for institutional investors that have certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on entered into an agreement with the Management Company and borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the Portfolio's are being charged an investment management fee separately.

average Net Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to the 8 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share Portfolio's share classes as follows: S (0.30%), S1 (1.20%), and W Class Information" in Section II.

(0.99%), the Fund may deduct from the payment to be made to the 9 After three years from the date of purchase, class ED shares (and Management Company, or the Management Company will otherwise corresponding H shares) will be converted to class AD shares (and bear, such excess fees and expenses.

corresponding H shares) without charge from either the Fund or 2 After six years from the date of purchase, class B shares are eligible the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion for conversion to class A shares without charge from either the Fund of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares— or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares— Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

* Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be 3 As a percentage of purchase price.

However, Class B shares may be made available for 4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial other AB fund.

intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the I-20AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio Other Share Class Features Minimum Offered Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** $2,000 $750 Class A Shares Dollar None 0.05% Class AD Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% $2,000 $750 $250,000 Class B Shares Dollar 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class C Shares None 0.05% Class ED Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Dollar $1 million** Class I Shares None None 0.05% Class N Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class S Shares $25 million** None None 0.01% Dollar Class S1 Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class W Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class C Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class I Shares8 EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares EUR €20 million** None None 0.01% GBP-Denominated Share Classes Class S1 Shares GBP £15 million** None None 0.01% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** AUD Hedged Share Classes Class A AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AD AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class C AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class ED AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class I AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A CHF H Shares CHF CHF 2,000 CHF 1,000 None 0.05% Class I CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1,000,000** None None 0.05% PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A PLN H Shares PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 None 0.05% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Class ED ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% ** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio I-21Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types any net income and net realized profits attributable to the For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments Shares will be reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other the Shares.

instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors should For class AD and ED shares (and corresponding H shares), refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of the the Management Company intends to declare and pay Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is subject to monthly distributions.

The Management Company intends the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment objective to maintain a stable distribution rate per share for such and policies and the limitations contained in "Investment share classes, and therefore distributions may come from Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

gross income (before reduction for fees and expenses), Risk Profile realized and unrealized gains and capital attributable to the relevant class.

Distributions in excess of net income (gross It is intended that this Portfolio will make use of financial income less fees and expenses) may represent a return of derivative instruments.

The investment restrictions (9) to (13) the investor’s original investment amount and as such may set forth in Appendix A to Section II will not apply.

result in a decrease in the NAV per share for the relevant Investments of the Portfolio are subject to the higher risks class.

inherent in equity investments.

In general, the value of equity The Management Company also may determine if and to investments may fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, in what extent distributions paid include realized capital gains response to the activities and results of individual companies or and/or are paid out of capital, attributable to the relevant because of general market, economic, political and natural class of Shares.

Distributions may be automatically conditions that are difficult to predict.

Such factors include the reinvested at the election of the Shareholder.

possibility of sudden or prolonged market declines and risks associated with individual companies.

Historically, equity Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and securities have provided greater long-term returns and have Transfer Agent Fees entailed greater short-term risks than other investment For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class S instruments.

and S1 shares (and corresponding H shares), the Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value offering these securities and their market value is influenced by attributable to the Shares equal to 0.10% of average daily changes in interest rates.

There can be no assurance that any Net Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid an distribution payments will occur and the Portfolio has no annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the specific maturity.

aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the class S and S1 shares (and corresponding H shares) equal to the lesser The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the investment The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent objective will be achieved, that invested capital will be fee for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the preserved or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment Portfolio in accordance with the usual practice in results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual Luxembourg and shall not exceed a fixed maximum basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does not represent a specified under Section II of the prospectus under complete investment program.

"Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase depending on the For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio and assets of the Portfolio and transaction volume or for other a more detailed discussion of these and other risks applicable reasons.

to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk Factors" in Section II.

Organizational Expenses The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

Profile of the Typical Investor The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking the Historical Performance medium to long term rewards of equity investment.

Investors Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio are encouraged to consult their independent financial advisors may be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

regarding the suitability of Shares of the Portfolio for their History investment needs.

The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on Distributions 30 October 1992 under the name "Developing Regional For class A, B, C, I, N, S, S1 and W shares (and corresponding Markets Portfolio."

The Portfolio changed its name to H Shares), the Management Company currently does not "Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio" on 16 August 2004. intend to pay dividends with respect to the Shares.

Therefore,AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies risk and return.

By evaluating overall sector concentration, degree of undervaluation and other subtle similarities Investment Objective among investments, the Investment Manager seeks to minimize overall Portfolio volatility by favoring those The investment objective of the Portfolio is long-term growth of attractive securities that also tend to diversify the Portfolio’s capital and income.

Investment Discipline and Processes A disparity between a company’s current stock price and The Portfolio seeks to achieve its investment objective by the assessment of intrinsic value can arise, at least in part, investing in a portfolio of equity securities of companies in the as a result of adverse, short-term market reactions to recent Asia ex-Japan region that are determined by the Investment events or trends.

In order to reduce the risk that an Manager to be undervalued.

The Portfolio’s investment undervalued security will be purchased before such an universe will consist of countries contained in the MSCI AC (All adverse market reaction has run its course, the Investment Country) Asia ex Japan Index and the MSCI Frontier Markets Manager also monitors analysts’ earnings estimate Index, although the Portfolio may invest in securities outside revisions and relative return trends (also called "price the MSCI AC (All Country) Asia ex Japan Index and the MSCI momentum").

Description of Currency Strategy The Investment Manager believes that, over time, a company’s stock price will come to reflect its intrinsic economic value.

The The Investment Manager may employ a currency overlay Investment Manager’s fundamental value approach to equity strategy.

This strategy involves the adjustment of the investing generally defines value by reference to the Portfolio’s various currency exposures to take into account relationship between a security's current price and its intrinsic the risk and return outlook of both the Portfolio’s base economic value as measured by long-term earnings prospects.

currency and of other currencies.

Accordingly, at any time, the Investment Manager may adjust the Portfolio’s currency This approach seeks to identify, in the first instance, a universe exposures depending on the expected return and risk of Asia ex-Japan securities that are considered to be characteristics which its research indicates those currencies undervalued because they are attractively priced relative to are likely to offer.

their future earnings power.

Accordingly, forecasting corporate earnings and cash generation is the heart of the fundamental The Investment Manager’s currency overlay strategy may value approach.

be implemented through transactions in certain currency- related derivative instruments, such as forward foreign Under normal market conditions the Portfolio will invest in a currency exchange contracts, currency futures, currency portfolio of approximately 60-100 companies.

options, options on currency futures and currency swaps, The Investment Manager’s value analysis depends heavily intended to protect the Portfolio against adverse currency upon its large internal research staff and fundamental company effects and/or to seek active investment opportunities and industry research.

The Investment Manager's analysts are based on the risk and return outlook of different currencies.

organized into global industry teams rather than by geography For example, when the Investment Manager’s research or asset class, since companies around the world within an indicates that a particular foreign currency offers a lower industry tend to share similar profit and market dynamics.

expected return than the base currency, the Investment Company and industry analysts research Asia ex-Japan Manager may enter into a forward foreign currency companies, which are screened by a proprietary quantitative exchange contracts to sell an amount of the foreign return model, to forecast earnings, cash flow, and balance currency expected to offer a lower return.

Such instruments sheet strength for the companies for each of the next five may also be employed to increase the Portfolio's exposure years.

If a company has many business lines, the analysts to a particular currency such that the Portfolio's exposure to conduct this exercise for each in order to build a composite that currency exceeds the value of the Portfolio's securities forecast for the company based in part on present and future denominated in that currency (including on occasion cases determinants of demand for any company's products or where the Portfolio’s investment portfolio includes no services.

These analysts also evaluate pricing strategies used securities denominated in that currency) when the by companies when competing for market share.

Finally, an Investment Manager's research indicates that that currency evaluation of the management and the financial ability of each is likely to offer an attractive return.

The Investment company to implement its corporate strategy supplement the Manager utilizes its in-house models developed specifically analysis.

for these purposes as well as its fundamental research- The Investment Manager seeks undervalued securities based based outlook.

on the disparity between a company’s intrinsic economic value Within this currency overlay strategy framework, the and its stock price, with companies having the greatest Investment Manager will control the Portfolio’s currency disparities being considered the most undervalued.

exposures in order to ensure that stock selection remains The Investment Manager considers aggregate portfolio the main driver of the Portfolio’s investment returns and in characteristics when deciding how much of each security to order to seek to ensure that the risk arising from those purchase for the Portfolio.

The Investment Manager’s currency exposures is proportionate to the expected return quantitative analysts build valuation and risk models to ensure opportunities they offer.

that the portfolio is constructed to obtain an effective balance of I-23AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual restrictions Management Techniques on the resale of such securities.

The Investment Manager may employ financial The Investment Manager expects that at any time at least derivative instruments and efficient portfolio management 80% of the Portfolio's total assets will be invested in equity techniques for investment, efficient portfolio management and securities of Asia ex-Japan companies, and in no case will hedging purposes.

These financial derivative instruments may the amount of the Portfolio's total assets invested in such include, but are not limited to, "local access products" (such as securities be less than two-thirds of the Portfolio's total equity linked certificates, participation notes, and warrants), assets.

and securities convertible into common stock, futures, and options on futures on stock indices.

Currency Hedged Share Classes One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a In accordance with the transparency requirements of the SFT particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, the hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net assets that will constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency will be subject to securities financing transactions (i.e.

Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return securities lending transactions as well as repurchase more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency agreements and reverse repurchase agreements) ("SFTs") and return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations total return swaps and/or other financial derivative instruments between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the with similar characteristics ("TRS"); being specified that in relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical certain circumstances this proportion may be higher.

considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging Type of Expected Range Maximum strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not Transactions eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

TRS 0%-10% 25% Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the Repurchase N/A N/A investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets agreements and since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency reverse repurchase Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying agreements assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

Securities lending 0%-10% 25% Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will transactions be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer to For additional information on share class hedging, see "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial "How to Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments Classes" in Section II.

and Collateral Management."

Risk Factors linked to RMB Hedged Share Classes.

The methodology used in order to monitor Since 2005, the RMB exchange rate is no longer pegged to the global exposure (market risk) resulting from the use of the U.S. dollar.

RMB has now moved to a managed floating financial derivative instruments is the commitment approach in exchange rate based on market supply and demand with accordance with the CSSF Circular 11/512.

reference to a basket of foreign currencies.

The daily trading price of the RMB against other major currencies in Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the MSCI All the inter-bank foreign exchange market is allowed to float Country Asia ex-Japan Index.

The Portfolio uses the within a narrow band around the central parity published by benchmark for performance comparison.

The Portfolio is the People’s Bank of China.

RMB convertibility from actively managed and the Investment Manager is not offshore RMB (CNH) to onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed constrained by its benchmark when implementing the currency process subject to foreign exchange control Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may policies of and repatriation restrictions imposed by the hold, in certain market conditions and subject to the Investment Chinese government in coordination with the Hong Kong Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of the components Monetary Authority (HKMA).

The value of CNH could differ, of the benchmark, it will not hold every component of the perhaps significantly, from that of CNY due to a number of benchmark and may also hold securities that are not part of it.

factors including without limitation those foreign exchange control policies and repatriation restrictions pursued by the Other Investment Policies Chinese government from time-to-time as well as other As a temporary defensive measure, or to provide for external market forces.

redemptions, the Portfolio may, without limit, hold cash, cash equivalents, or short-term fixed-income obligations, including Since 2005, foreign exchange control policies pursued by money market instruments.

the Chinese government have resulted in the general The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its net assets in appreciation of RMB (both CNH and CNY).

This securities for which there is no ready market.

See paragraph appreciation may or may not continue and there can be no (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation at The Portfolio may therefore not be readily able to sell such I-24AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio some point.

Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect the Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG value of investors’ investments in the RMB H shares.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and details can be found at The RMB H shares participate in the offshore RMB (CNH) www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

market, which allows investors to freely transact CNH outside of mainland China with approved banks in the Hong Kong The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental market (HKMA approved banks).

The RMB H shares will have and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix no requirement to remit CNH to onshore RMB (CNY).

E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more information).

I-25AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Order Cut-Off For USD-Denominated Share Classes, JPY- Portfolio Times Denominated Share Classes, GBP- Denominated Share Classes, EUR- Net Asset Value Each Business Day Denominated Share Classes, HKD- Calculation Denominated Share Classes and Currency Hedged Share Classes (except RMB Hedged Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com Share Classes) Publication 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share Classes.

For additional information on share class For RMB Hedged Share Classes hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares— 1:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Currency Hedged Share Classes" and Business Day "Risk Factors -- Currency Hedged Share Class Risk" in Section II.

Distributions* For class A, C, I, S and S1 shares None For class AD, ED, ID and SD shares To be declared and payable monthly For class AY and BY shares To be declared and paid at the Management Company’s discretion See "Distributions" below.

*Includes Hedged Share Classes Share Class Fees and Charges1 Management Distribution Contingent Deferred Sales Initial Sales Charge3 Fee4 Fee5 Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class ED Shares9 None 1.70% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I and ID Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.90% None None Class SD Shares7 None None None None JPY-Denominated Share Classes Class AY Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0–1 year held=4.50% 1–2 yrs=3.75% 2–3 yrs=3.25% 3–4 yrs=2.50% Class BY Shares2 None 1.45% 0.72% 4-5 yrs=2.00% 5-6 yrs=1.25% 6-7 yrs=0.75% 7+ yrs=0% I-26AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio GBP-Denominated Share Classes Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.90% None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class A AUD H and Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None AD AUD H Shares 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C AUD H Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class ED AUD H Shares9 None 1.70% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I AUD H and Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None ID AUD H Shares8 SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A SGD H and AD SGD H Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None Shares CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AD CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AD GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None RMB* Hedged Share Classes Class AD RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Class AD EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AD NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None I-27AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class ED ZAR H Shares9 None 1.70% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 6 For all relevant share classes except BY, as a percentage of the 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer lesser of the current Net Asset Value or original cost of the Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as Shares being redeemed and based upon the duration that such described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management Shares are held.

For class BY shares, as a percentage of the Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

original cost of the shares being redeemed and based upon the The Portfolio also bears all of its duration that such shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be other expenses.

See "How to Purchase Shares" and "Additional purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II.

The Management such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in Company has voluntarily undertaken, until the Management Company CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

on behalf of the Fund notifies Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in With respect to class C shares (and corresponding H shares), a any fiscal year, the aggregate fees and expenses with respect to the dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred sales charge in following share classes of the Portfolio (including any management certain circumstances.

fee and all other fees and expenses set out in "Additional 7 Class S and SD shares are reserved for institutional investors that Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II, including Luxembourg have entered into an agreement with the Management Company Taxe d'Abonnement but exclusive of certain other taxes, brokerage (if and are being charged an investment management fee applicable) and interest on borrowings) exceed the following separately.

percentages of the Portfolio's average Net Asset Value for the fiscal 8 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share year attributable to the Portfolio's share classes (and corresponding H Class Information" in Section II.

shares) as follows: A (2.05%), AD (2.05%), AY (2.05%), BY (2.52%), 9 After three years from the date of purchase, class ED shares C (2.50%), ED (3.05%), I (1.25%), ID (1.25%), S (0.30%) S1 (1.20%) (and corresponding H shares) will be converted to class AD and SD (0.30%), the Fund may deduct from the payment to be made shares (and corresponding H shares) without charge from either to the Management Company, or the Management Company will the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or 2 After seven years from the date of purchase, BY shares are eligible Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of for conversion to class AY shares, without charge from either the the Prospectus.

Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert * "RMB" refers to offshore RMB ("CNH") and not onshore RMB Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the known as CNY.

3 As a percentage of purchase price.

** Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be 4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With offered.

However, Class B shares may be made available for respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the other AB fund.

management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II.

5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

Other Share Class Features Minimum Offered Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares Dollar $2,000** $750 None 0.05% Class C Shares Dollar $2,000** $750 None 0.05% Class ED Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I and ID Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% $25 million** Class S Shares Dollar None None 0.01% Dollar $25 million** Class S1 Shares None None 0.01% Class SD Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% JPY-Denominated Share Classes Class AY Shares JPY ¥200,000** ¥80,000 None 0.05% Class BY Shares JPY ¥200,000** ¥80,000 ¥20,000,000 0.05% GBP-Denominated Share Classes Class I Shares GBP £1,000,000 None None 0.05% I-28AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class C Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class I Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares EUR €20 million** None None 0.01% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class S Shares HKD HK$200 million** None None 0.01% Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** AUD Hedged Share Classes Class A AUD H and AD AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% AUD H Shares Class C AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class ED AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class I AUD H and ID AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% AUD H Shares SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A SGD H and AD SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% SGD H Shares CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AD CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AD GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% RMB Hedged Share Classes Class AD RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% EUR Hedged Share Classes Class AD EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AD NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Class ED ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

I-29AB FCP I—Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio Other Portfolio Information to pay distributions with respect to the Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net realized profits attributable to the Shares Principal Investment Types will be reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of the Shares.

For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other For class AY and class BY shares, the Management instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors Company has discretion to declare and pay distributions should refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of based on the Portfolio's net income attributable to each class the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is of Shares.

subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment For class AD, ED, ID and SD shares (and corresponding H objective and policies and the limitations contained in shares), the Management Company intends to declare and "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

pay monthly distributions.

The Management Company Risk Profile intends to maintain a stable distribution rate per share for It is intended that this Portfolio will make use of financial such share classes, and therefore distributions may come derivative instruments.

The investment restrictions (9) to (13) from gross income (before reduction for fees and expenses), set forth in Appendix A to Section II will not apply.

realized and unrealized gains and capital attributable to the relevant class.

Distributions in excess of net income (gross Investments of the Portfolio are subject to higher risks income less fees and expenses) may represent a return of inherent in equity investments.

In general, the value of equity the investor’s original investment amount and as such may investments may fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, in result in a decrease in the NAV per share for the relevant response to the activities and results of individual companies class.

or because of general market, economic, political and natural conditions that are difficult to predict.

Such factors include The Management Company also may determine if and to the possibility of sudden or prolonged market declines and what extent distributions paid include realized capital gains risks associated with individual companies.

Historically, and/or are paid out of capital attributable to the relevant class equity securities have provided greater long-term returns and of Shares Distributions may be automatically reinvested at have entailed greater short-term risks than other investment the election of the Shareholder.

Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Because the Portfolio will primarily invest in securities of Transfer Agent Fees issuers situated in the Asia ex-Japan region it will be directly For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class S, affected by volatility in various securities markets in the S1 shares and SD, the Management Company is paid an region, which have experienced periods of dramatic annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate expansion and contraction, and changes in economic and Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal to 0.05% of political climate in the region generally.

The Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the class S, S1 fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in shares and SD equal to the lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the average daily Net Asset Value.

investment objective will be achieved, that invested capital will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in quarterly or annual basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall not represent a complete investment program.

not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction applicable to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk volume or for other reasons.

Factors" in Section II.

Organizational Expenses Profile of the Typical Investor The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking the medium to long term rewards of equity investment.

Historical Performance Investors are encouraged to consult their independent Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio, financial advisors regarding the suitability of Shares of the once available, may be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

Portfolio for their investment needs.

History Distributions The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on 30 For class A, C, I, S and S1 shares (and corresponding H November 2009. shares), the Management Company currently does not intend I-30AB FCP I—Japan Strategic Value Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective A disparity between a company’s current stock price and The investment objective of the Portfolio is long-term capital the assessment of intrinsic value can arise, at least in part, growth by investing in a portfolio of equity securities of as a result of adverse, short-term market reactions to recent Japanese companies that are determined by the Investment events or trends.

In order to reduce the risk that an Manager to be undervalued.

For these purposes, a "Japanese undervalued security will be purchased before such an company" is a company that that (i) is domiciled or organized in adverse market reaction has run its course, the Investment Japan, or (ii) is established and conducting business in Japan Manager also monitors analysts’ earnings estimate or (iii) carries out the preponderant part of its economic revisions and relative return trends (also called "price activities in Japan.

momentum") so as to better time new purchases and sales of securities.

Description of Investment Discipline and Process Other Investment Policies The Investment Manager believes that, over time, a company’s stock price will come to reflect its intrinsic economic value.

The As a temporary defensive measure, or to provide for Investment Manager’s fundamental value approach to equity redemptions, the Portfolio may, without limit, hold cash, investing generally defines value by reference to the cash equivalents, or short-term fixed-income obligations, relationship between a security's current price and its intrinsic including money market instruments.

economic value as measured by long-term earnings prospects.

The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its net assets in This approach seeks to identify, in the first instance, a universe securities for which there is no ready market.

See of Japanese securities that are considered to be undervalued paragraph (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to because they are attractively priced relative to their future Section II.

The Portfolio may therefore not be readily able earnings power.

Accordingly, forecasting corporate earnings to sell such securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual and dividend-paying capability is the heart of the fundamental restrictions on the resale of such securities.

value approach.

The Investment Manager expects that at any time at least Under normal market conditions the Portfolio will invest in a 80% of the Portfolio's total assets will be invested in equity portfolio of approximately 30-50 companies.

securities of Japanese companies, and in no case will the The Investment Manager’s value analysis depends heavily amount of the Portfolio's total assets invested in such upon its large internal research staff and fundamental company securities be less than two-thirds of the Portfolio's total and industry research.

The Investment Manager's analysts are assets.

organized into global industry teams rather than by geography Efficient portfolio management and hedging techniques or asset class, since companies around the world within an may include use of exchange-traded and OTC derivative industry tend to share similar profit and market dynamics.

instruments, including swaps, options, futures and currency Company and industry analysts research Japanese transactions.

companies, which are screened by a proprietary quantitative return model, to forecast earnings, cash flow, and balance In accordance with the transparency requirements of the sheet strength for the companies for each of the next five SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, years.

If a company has many business lines, the analysts the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net conduct this exercise for each in order to build a composite assets that will be subject to securities financing forecast for the company based in part on present and future transactions (i.e.

securities lending transactions as well as determinants of demand for any company's products or repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase services.

These analysts also evaluate pricing strategies used agreements) ("SFTs") and total return swaps and/or other by companies when competing for market share.

Finally, an financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics evaluation of the management and the financial ability of each ("TRS"); being specified that in certain circumstances this company to implement its corporate strategy supplement the proportion may be higher.

Type of Expected Range Maximum The Investment Manager seeks undervalued securities based Transactions on the disparity between a company’s intrinsic economic value TRS 0%-10% 25% and its stock price, with companies having the greatest disparities being considered the most undervalued.

Repurchase N/A N/A agreements and The Investment Manager considers aggregate portfolio reverse repurchase characteristics when deciding how much of each security to agreements purchase for the Portfolio.

The Investment Manager’s quantitative analysts build valuation and risk models to ensure Securities lending 0%-10% 25% that the portfolio is constructed to obtain an effective balance of transactions risk and return.

By evaluating overall sector concentration, degree of undervaluation and other subtle similarities among investments, the Investment Manager seeks to minimize overall Portfolio volatility by favoring those attractive securities that also tend to diversify the Portfolio’s risk.

I-31AB FCP I—Japan Strategic Value Portfolio For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer to is not constrained by its benchmark when implementing the "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments hold, in certain market conditions and subject to the and Collateral Management."

Investment Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of the components of the benchmark, it will not hold every Currency Hedged Share Classes component of the benchmark and may also hold securities that are not part of it.

One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class will considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency details can be found at Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return more www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Yen) and the relevant Offered and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix Currency, taking into account practical considerations such as E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more transaction costs.

The hedging strategy employed is designed information).

to reduce, but may not eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share Classes" in Section II.

The methodology used in order to monitor the global exposure (market risk) resulting from the use of financial derivative instruments is the commitment approach in accordance with the CSSF Circular 11/512.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the TOPIX Index.

The Portfolio uses the benchmark for performance comparison.

The Portfolio is actively managed and the Investment Manager I-32AB FCP I—Japan Strategic Value Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the Yen Distributions* For class A, C, I, S, S1 and 2 shares Portfolio None Net Asset Value Each Business Day For class AD and SD shares Calculation To be declared and payable monthly Net Asset Value Investors should contact the Management See "Distributions" below.

Publication Company for current Net Asset Value *Includes Hedged Share Classes Class Name H means Currency Hedged Share Classes.

Redemptions Payment of the redemption proceeds (the For additional information on share class redemption price less any applicable hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares— contingent deferred sales charge) will be Currency Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk made by the Depositary or its agents Factors -- Currency Hedged Share Class usually within four Business Days.

For Risk" in Section II.

further details on redemptions, please refer to "How to Redeem Shares" in Section II.

Order Cut-Off Time 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day Share Class Fees and Charges1 Contingent Deferred Initial Sales Charge2 Management Fee3 Distribution Fee4 Sales Charge5 JPY-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class AD Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 1.95% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None Class S Shares6 None None None None Class SD Shares6 None None None None Class 2 Shares None 1.20% None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 1.95% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.65% None None PLN-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class I Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None I-33AB FCP I—Japan Strategic Value Portfolio Class C Shares None 1.95% None 0—1 year held=1.0% thereafter 0% Class I Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.65% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None 0—1 year held=1.0% Class C EUR H Shares None 1.95% None thereafter 0% Class I EUR H Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None Class S EUR H Shares6 None None None None Class S1 EUR H Shares None 0.65% None None USD Hedged Share Classes Class A USD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class AD USD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class I USD H Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None Class S USD H Shares6 None None None None Class S1 USD H Shares None 0.65% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class A AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class AD AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Class A NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class AD NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class AD SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None Class I SGD H Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A CZK H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.50% None None HKD Hedged Share Classes Class I HKD H Shares7 Up to 1.50% 0.70% None None I-341 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

and Expenses" in Section II.

The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How to 4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" 5 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the aggregate purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer fees and expenses with respect to the following share classes of the such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in Portfolio (including any management fee and all other fees and CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in With respect to class C shares (and corresponding H shares), a Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d'Abonnement but exclusive of dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred sales charge in certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on certain circumstances.

borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the Portfolio's 6 Class S and SD shares are reserved for institutional investors that average Net Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to the have entered into an agreement with the Management Company Portfolio's share classes (and corresponding H shares) as follows: A and are being charged an investment management fee (1.70%), AD (1.70%), C (2.60%), I (0.90%), S (0.15%), S1 (0.80%), separately.

SD (0.15%) and 2 (1.35%), the Fund may deduct from the payment to 7 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share be made to the Management Company, or the Management Class Information" in Section II.

Company will otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

2 As a percentage of purchase price.

3 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also Other Share Class Features Minimum Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Offered Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** JPY-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares ¥200,000 ¥80,000 None 0.05% Yen ¥200,000 ¥80,000 Class AD Shares Yen None 0.05% ¥200,000 ¥80,000 Class C Shares Yen None 0.05% ¥100 million** Class I Shares Yen None None 0.05% ¥2.5 billion** Class S Shares Yen None None 0.01% Class SD Shares Yen ¥2.5 billion** None None 0.01% Class 2 Shares Yen ¥400 million** None None 0.05% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% PLN-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 None 0.05% SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class I Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class C Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I EUR H Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05%AB FCP I—Japan Strategic Value Portfolio Class S EUR H Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 EUR H Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% USD Hedged Share Classes Class A USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class AD USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I USD H Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class S USD H Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 USD H Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% AUD Hedged Share Classes Class A AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AD AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% NZD Hedged Share Classes Class A NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class AD NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AD SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class I SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A CZK H Shares CZK CZK 50,000 CZK 20,000 None 0.05% HKD Hedged Share Classes Class I HKD H Shares HKD HKD 8,000,000** None None 0.05% * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

I-36AB FCP I—Japan Strategic Value Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types net income and net realized profits attributable to the Shares For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments will be reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of the used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other Shares.

instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors For class AD and SD shares (and corresponding H shares), should refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of the Management Company intends to declare and pay the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is monthly distributions.

The Management Company intends to subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment maintain a stable distribution rate per share for such share objective and policies and the limitations contained in classes, and therefore distributions may come from gross "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

income (before reduction for fees and expenses), realized Risk Profile and unrealized gains and capital attributable to the relevant class.

Distributions in excess of net income (gross income Investments of the Portfolio are subject to higher risks less fees and expenses) may represent a return of the inherent in equity investments.

In general, the value of equity investor’s original investment amount and as such may result investments may fluctuate, sometimes dramatically, in in a decrease in the NAV per share for the relevant class.

response to the activities and results of individual companies or because of general market, economic, political and natural The Management Company in its discretion also may conditions that are difficult to predict.

Such factors include determine if and to what extent distributions paid include the possibility of sudden or prolonged market declines and realized capital gains and/or are paid out of capital risks associated with individual companies.

Historically, attributable to the relevant class of Shares.

Distributions may equity securities have provided greater long-term returns and be automatically reinvested at the election of the have entailed greater short-term risks than other investment Shareholder.

Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Because the Portfolio will primarily invest in securities of Transfer Agent Fees issuers situated in Japan it will be directly affected by For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class S, volatility in Japanese securities markets, which have S1 shares and SD (and corresponding H shares), the experienced periods of dramatic expansion and contraction, Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the and changes in economic and political climate in Japan assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value generally.

attributable to the Shares equal to 0.05% of average daily The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency Net Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid an fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Net Asset Value attributable to the class S, S1 shares and investment objective will be achieved, that invested capital SD (and corresponding H shares) equal to the lesser of will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

$50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee quarterly or annual basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in not represent a complete investment program.

accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer applicable to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase Factors" in Section II.

depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction volume or for other reasons.

Profile of the Typical Investor Organizational Expenses The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking the medium to long term rewards of equity investment.

The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

Investors are encouraged to consult their independent Historical Performance financial advisors regarding the suitability of Shares of the Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio, Portfolio for their investment needs.

once available, may be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

Distributions History For class A, C, I, S, S1 and 2 shares (and corresponding H The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on 15 shares), the Management Company currently does not intend December 2005. to pay distributions with respect to the Shares.

I-37AB FCP I—China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective exchange traded and OTC derivatives such as swaps, The Portfolio's investment objective is to achieve long-term options, futures, index futures and currency transactions capital appreciation.

(including forward currency contracts).

Description of Investment Discipline and Process In accordance with the transparency requirements of the SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, The Portfolio will seek to achieve its investment objective by the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net investing at least 80% of its total assets in securities which assets that will be subject to securities financing provide exposure to Chinese companies that the Investment transactions (i.e.

securities lending transactions as well as Manager believes have fundamentally lower volatility and less repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase downside risks in the future.

The Investment Manager uses its agreements) ("SFTs") and total return swaps and/or other proprietary risk and return models as well as its judgment and financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics experience in managing investment portfolios to construct a ("TRS"); being specified that in certain circumstances this portfolio with a balance of quality, stability and reasonable proportion may be higher.

The Investment Manager seeks to achieve the investment objective while limiting volatility to the MSCI China Type of Expected Range Maximum Index USD.

Transactions Chinese companies include such companies which (i) are TRS 0%-10% 25% domiciled or organized in China; (ii) are established and conducting business in China; (iii) conduct a significant part of Repurchase N/A N/A its economic activities in China; or (iv) have business activities agreements and that are meaningfully impacted by economic developments in reverse repurchase China.

agreements The Portfolio may invest in any Chinese company, industry Securities lending 0%-10% 25% sector and type of security with the potential for capital transactions appreciation.

The Portfolio is not restricted in the portion of its assets that For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer may be invested in securities denominated in a particular to "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial currency, and a substantial portion of the Portfolio’s assets are Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and expected to be invested in non-Dollar denominated securities.

Instruments and Collateral Management."

The Portfolio may invest in China A-shares through one or Risk Measurement more capital markets regimes providing access to China, The methodology used in order to monitor the global including the Shanghai-Hong Kong Stock Connect Scheme exposure (market risk) resulting from the use of financial (the "Shanghai Connect"), the Shenzhen-Hong Kong Stock derivative instruments is the commitment approach in Connect Scheme (the "Shenzhen Connect", collectively with accordance with the CSSF Circular 11/512.

the Shanghai Connect, the "China Connect Scheme"), and the QFI scheme.

See "Country Risks - China" in "Risk Factors" in Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the MSCI China the General Information of the Fund for additional details on Index USD.

The Portfolio uses the benchmark for China’s capital markets.

performance comparison and volatility measurement.

The Portfolio is actively managed and the Investment Manager Other Investment Policies is not constrained by its benchmark when implementing the As a temporary defensive measure, or to provide for Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may redemptions, the Portfolio may, without limit, hold cash, cash hold, in certain market conditions and subject to the equivalents, or short-term fixed-income obligations, including Investment Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of money market instruments.

the components of the benchmark, it will not hold every component of the benchmark and may also hold securities The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its net assets in that are not part of it.

securities for which there is no ready market.

See paragraph (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

Currency Hedged Share Classes The Portfolio may therefore not be readily able to sell such One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual restrictions on particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be the resale of such securities.

hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio will constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency The Portfolio may use derivatives for hedging, efficient portfolio return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations management, or other risk management purposes.

Such between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the financial derivative instruments and efficient portfolio relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical management techniques may include, but are not limited to, I-38AB FCP I—China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging exchange control policies and repatriation restrictions strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not pursued by the Chinese government from time-to-time as eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base well as other external market forces.

currency and the Offered Currency.

Since 2005, foreign exchange control policies pursued by the Chinese government have resulted in the general Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the investment appreciation of RMB (both CNH and CNY).

This management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only appreciation may or may not continue and there can be no the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency Hedged Share assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation at Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying assets, which is hedged some point.

Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect to the Offered Currency.

Expenses incurred as a result of such the value of investors’ investments in the RMB H shares.

hedging activity will be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

The RMB H shares participate in the offshore RMB (CNH) market, which allows investors to freely transact CNH For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to outside of mainland China with approved banks in the Hong Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share Classes" in Kong market (HKMA approved banks).

The RMB H shares Section II.

will have no requirement to remit CNH to onshore RMB Risk Factors linked to RMB Hedged Share Classes.

2005, the RMB exchange rate is no longer pegged to the U.S.

Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG dollar.

RMB has now moved to a managed floating exchange considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and rate based on market supply and demand with reference to a details can be found at basket of foreign currencies.

The daily trading price of the RMB www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

against other major currencies in the inter-bank foreign exchange market is allowed to float within a narrow band The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental around the central parity published by the People’s Bank of and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix China.

RMB convertibility from offshore RMB (CNH) to E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency process subject to information).

foreign exchange control policies of and repatriation restrictions imposed by the Chinese government in coordination with the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA).

The value of CNH could differ, perhaps significantly, from that of CNY due to a number of factors including without limitation those foreign I-39AB FCP I—China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Order Cut-Off For all Share Classes (except RMB Portfolio Times Hedged Share Classes) 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Net Asset Value Each Business Day Business Day Calculation For RMB Hedged Share Classes Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com 1:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Publication Business Day Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share Classes.

For additional information on share class Distributions* For class A, B, C, I, S and S1 shares hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares— None.

Currency Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk Factors -- Currency Hedged Share Class For class AD shares Risk" in Section II.

To be declared and payable monthly.

*Includes Hedged Share Classes Share Class Fees and Charges1 Contingent Deferred Initial Sales Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Sales Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0-1 year held = 4.0% 1-2 years = 3.0% Class B Shares2** None 1.70% 1.00% 2-3 years = 2.0% 3-4 years = 1.0% 4+ years = 0% 0-1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.75% None None EUR-Denominated Shares Classes Class A Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 0-1 year held = 4.0% 1-2 years = 3.0% 2-3 years = 2.0% Class B Shares2** None 1.70% 1.00% 3-4 years = 1.0% 4+ years = 0% 0-1 year held=1.0% Class C Shares None 2.15% None thereafter 0% Class I Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.75% None None I-40AB FCP I—China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Class AD EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AD AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AD CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AD GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class AD SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AD NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None RMB* Hedged Share Classes Class AD RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H Shares None None Up to 5.00% 1.70% PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A PLN H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.70% None None 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management and Expenses" in Section II.

Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How to 6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the aggregate such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in fees and expenses with respect to the following share classes of the CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

Portfolio (including any management fee and all other fees and With respect to class C shares, a dealer may elect to waive the expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in contingent deferred sales charge in certain circumstances.

Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d'Abonnement but exclusive of 7 Class S shares are reserved for institutional investors that have certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on entered into an agreement with the Management Company and borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the Portfolio's are being charged an investment management fee separately.

average Net Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to the 8 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share Portfolio's share classes (and corresponding H shares) as follows: A Class Information" in Section II.

** Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be 2 After six years from the date of purchase, class B shares are eligible offered.

However, Class B shares may be made available for for conversion to class A shares, without charge from either the Fund exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares— other AB fund.

Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

3 As a percentage of purchase price.

4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial I-41AB FCP I—China Low Volatility Portfolio Other Share Class Features Minimum Offered Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** USD-Denominated Share Classes $2,000 $750 Class A and AD Shares Dollar None 0.05% $2,000 $750 $250,000 Class B Shares Dollar 0.05% $2,000 $750 Class C Shares Dollar None 0.05% Dollar $1 million** Class I Shares None None 0.05% Dollar $25 million** Class S Shares None None 0.01% Dollar $25 million** Class S1 Shares None None 0.01% EUR-Denominated Shares Classes Class A Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class B Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 €250,000 0.05% Class C Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class I Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares EUR €20 million** None None 0.01% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and AD Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** EUR Hedged Share Classes Class AD EUR H Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Shares AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AD AUD H AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Shares CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AD CAD H CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Shares GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AD GBP H GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Shares SGD Hedged Share Classes Class AD SGD H SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Shares NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AD NZD H NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Shares RMB Hedged Share Classes Class AD RMB H RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% Shares ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AD ZAR H ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Shares PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A PLN H PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 None 0.05% Shares I-42AB FCP I—China Low Volatility Portfolio * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

I-43AB FCP I—China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types For class AD shares (and corresponding H shares), the For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments Management Company intends to declare and pay monthly used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and distributions.

The Management Company intends to maintain other instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors a stable distribution rate per share for such share classes, should refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability and therefore distributions may come from gross income of the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is (before reduction for fees and expenses), realized and subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment unrealized gains and capital attributable to the relevant class.

objective and policies and the limitations contained in Distributions in excess of net income (gross income less fees "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

and expenses) may represent a return of the investor’s original investment amount and as such may result in a Risk Profile decrease in the NAV per share for the relevant class.

The Portfolio may make use of financial derivatives.

The The Management Company in its discretion also may investment restrictions (9) to (13) set forth in Appendix A to determine if and to what extent distributions paid include Section II will not apply.

realized capital gains and/or are paid out of capital Investing in equity securities in China involves particular risks attributable to the relevant class of Shares.

Distributions may and special considerations not typically associated with be automatically reinvested at the election of the Shareholder.

investment in more developed economies or markets, such Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and as greater political, operational, tax, foreign exchange, Transfer Agent Fees liquidity and regulatory risks.

For further information about the risks associated with investment in China, please see For all Shares except class S and S1 shares, the "Risk Factors—Country Risks – China" in the General Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the Information of the Fund.

assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal to 0.05% of average daily Net The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid an annual fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Asset Value attributable to the class S shares equal to the investment objective will be achieved, that invested capital lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee quarterly or annual basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does for the Portfolio are paid monthly out of the assets of the not represent a complete investment program.

These fees shall not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the prospectus under For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees".

These and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks fees may decrease or increase depending on the assets of applicable to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk the Portfolio and transaction volume or for other reasons.

Factors" in Section II.

Organizational Expenses Profile of the Typical Investor The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking the medium to long term rewards of equity investment.

Historical Performance Investors are encouraged to consult their independent Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio may financial advisors regarding the suitability of Shares of the be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

Portfolio for their investment needs.

History Distributions The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of ACM-New For class A, B, C, I, S and S1 shares, the Management Alliance on 8 September 1997 and was subsequently Company currently does not intend to pay dividends with amalgamated into the Fund under the name Greater China respect to the Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net Portfolio with effect on 31 January 2007.

The Portfolio was realized profits attributable to such Shares will be reflected in renamed China Opportunity Portfolio on 31 January 2014. the respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

The Portfolio was renamed China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio on 29 May 2020.

I-44Fixed-Income AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective With respect to corporate issuers of debt obligations in The Portfolio's investment objective is high total investment which the Portfolio invests, the Investment Manager return through investments predominantly in Investment Grade considers the financial condition of the issuer and market fixed-income securities denominated in various currencies.

and economic conditions relevant to its operations.

The The Portfolio's total investment return may consist generally of Investment Manager's analysis focuses on relative values interest and dividend income, as well as discount accruals and based on such factors, for example, as interest coverage, capital changes, including changes in the value of portfolio asset coverage, earnings prospects and the experience and securities and other assets and liabilities resulting from managerial strength of each such issuer.

currency fluctuations.

Under normal market conditions, the As a general matter, in evaluating investments, the Portfolio expects that no less than 70% of its total assets will Investment Manager will consider, among other factors, the be invested in securities denominated in the Currency of the relative levels of interest rates prevailing in various Portfolio or securities hedged to the Currency of the Portfolio.

countries and the potential appreciation of such Description of Investment Discipline and Process investments in their denominated currencies.

In seeking capital appreciation, the Portfolio may invest in relatively The Portfolio may purchase debt obligations issued by low-yielding securities in expectation of favorable currency sovereign or other governmental or local authorities, including, fluctuations or interest rate movements, thereby potentially but not limited to, governmental agencies and instrumentalities reducing the Portfolio's yield.

In seeking income, the (collectively, "governmental entities"), as well as debt Portfolio may invest in short-term securities with relatively obligations issued or guaranteed by various organizations or high yields (as compared to other debt securities) meeting entities established generally to promote global, regional or the Portfolio's investment criteria, thereby potentially country-specific economic reconstruction or development reducing the Portfolio's capital appreciation.

In addition, the Portfolio may purchase debt obligations of companies or other entities.

In addition, the Portfolio may invest in debt obligations The Investment Manager will invest at any time at least two- denominated in the currency of one country although issued thirds of the Portfolio’s total assets in straight bonds, i.e.

non- by a governmental entity, corporation or financial institution convertible bonds.

of another country.

For example, the Portfolio may invest in a Yen-denominated obligation issued by a German Securities held by the Portfolio will possess upon initial corporation.

Such investments involve credit risks purchase an Investment Grade credit rating or will be associated with the issuer as well as currency risks determined by the Investment Manager to be of comparable associated with the currency in which the obligation is quality.

In the event a particular security is assigned a credit denominated.

rating that is lower than Investment Grade or ceases to be rated, the Investment Manager promptly will reassess whether Duration.

Under normal market conditions, the Portfolio’s the Portfolio should continue to hold such security.

The weighted average duration will not exceed five years.

Portfolio normally will dispose of any such non-Investment Duration is a measure of the sensitivity of the price of a Grade or unrated security, unless (i) the Investment Manager fixed-income investment to a change in interest rates.

determines that for the time being it is not in the best interest of Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio the Portfolio to do so and (ii) aggregate non-Investment Grade Management techniques.

The Investment Manager may securities do not exceed 5% of the Portfolio's net assets.

utilize a wide array of derivative products and techniques The Portfolio may also utilise bond markets including Bond when implementing the Portfolio’s investment strategy.

The Connect in order to invest in China securities.

For more Portfolio may utilize derivatives (i) for investment purposes information, see "Country Risks – China, Bond Connect" in as an alternative to investing directly in the underlying Section II.

investment, (ii) for hedging purposes and (iii) for efficient The Investment Manager seeks to reduce the risks inherent in portfolio management purposes.

Such financial derivative the Portfolio's investment in fixed-income securities through instruments may include, but are not limited to futures, diversification, in its discretion, and the Investment Manager's options, swaps (including interest rate swaps) and currency internal credit and economic analysis resources, as well as transactions.

information obtained from other sources.

In accordance with the transparency requirements of the With respect to sovereign or other governmental issuers of SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, debt obligations in which the Portfolio invests, the Investment the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net Manager considers the financial position of the issuer and assets that will be subject to securities financing political and economic conditions in the relevant country.

securities lending transactions as well as Investment in debt obligations issued or guaranteed by repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase supranational entities is subject to the additional risk that agreements) ("SFTs") and total return swaps and/or other member governments may fail to make required or regular financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics capital contributions and that a supranational entity thus may ("TRS"); being specified that in certain circumstances this be unable to fulfill its obligations.

proportion may be higher.

I-45AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio Type of Expected Range Maximum money market instruments and no more than 10% of its Transactions total assets in equity securities.

TRS 0%-5% 25% Currency Hedged Share Classes Repurchase 0%-5% 10% One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a agreements and particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be reverse repurchase hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class agreements will constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return Securities lending N/A N/A more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency transactions return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer to relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not and Collateral Management."

eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

Other Investment Policies The Portfolio may invest in structured securities issued by a Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the wide range of originators and sponsors.

Structured securities investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets may include agency (i.e.

issued or guaranteed by an Eligible since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency State or Eligible State government sponsored entities) Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying mortgage-backed securities and non-agency (i.e.

privately assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

MBS may Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will include adjustable-rate mortgage securities ("ARMS") and be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMOs"), as well as other which such expenses are incurred.

asset-backed securities ("ABS"), commercial mortgage-backed securities ("CMBS") and collateralized debt obligations For additional information on share class hedging, see ("CDOs") and related financial derivative instruments and "How to Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share currencies.

The Portfolio’s investments in structured securities Classes" in Section II.

will not exceed 20% of its net assets, provided that such limit will not apply to investments in such securities issued or Leverage.

The Investment Manager does not expect to guaranteed by the United States government or any other utilize bank borrowing in implementing the Portfolio’s Eligible State or United States or other Eligible State investment strategy.

The expected level of leverage of the government sponsored entities.

Portfolio is estimated to be in the 0% to 150% range of its Net Asset Value.

The expected level of leverage is Except to the extent provided herein (including Appendix A to calculated as the sum of the notionals of the financial Section II), the Portfolio is not subject to any limitation on the derivative instruments held by the Portfolio.

Pursuant to the portion of its assets which may be invested in any one country.

CSSF Circular 11/512 dated 30 May 2011, this calculation The Investment Manager will, based upon its currency methodology neither takes into account the fact that a research and outlook, adjust the Portfolio's currency exposures particular financial derivative instrument increases or while taking into account both (a) the Portfolio's overall non- decreases the Portfolio’s investment risks nor permits to net base currency exposure, as well as (b) the expected risk and financial derivative instruments with reverse positions.

return of each of the particular currencies in the relevant Shareholders should be aware that (i) a higher level of Portfolio's portfolio.

The Investment Manager uses its in-house expected leverage does not automatically imply a higher models developed specifically for this purpose.

Accordingly, level of investment risk and (ii) the expected level of the Investment Manager may hedge all, some or none of the leverage disclosed above is mainly generated by the use of currency exposures depending on whether its research derivatives for hedging purposes or for efficient portfolio indicates that the currency is poised to fall or rise against the management.

In addition, the actual leverage of the Portfolio's base currency.

Portfolio may deviate from the above mentioned expected level of leverage.

As a temporary defensive measure or to provide for redemptions, the Portfolio may, without limit, hold cash, cash Risk Measurement.

The Investment Manager will utilize a equivalents, or short-term fixed-income obligations, including Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to monitor the global money market instruments.

exposure (market risk) for the Portfolio.

The global exposure of the Portfolio is measured by the absolute VaR The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its net assets in methodology pursuant to which the VaR of the Portfolio securities for which there is no ready market.

See paragraph may not exceed 20% of its Net Asset Value.

(5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

The Portfolio may therefore not be readily able to sell such Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the Bloomberg securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual restrictions on Global 1-3 Year Treasury Index (USD Hedged).

The the resale of such securities.

Portfolio uses the benchmark for performance comparison.

The Portfolio is actively managed and the Investment The Portfolio will invest no more than 25% of its total assets in Manager is not constrained by its benchmark when convertible bonds, no more than 30% of its total assets in I-46AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio implementing the Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Although the Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG Portfolio may hold, in certain market conditions and subject to considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and the Investment Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of details can be found at the components of the benchmark, it will not hold every www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

component of the benchmark and may also hold securities that are not part of it.

The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more information).

I-47AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Distributions* For class A, AX, B, C, I, S and S1shares Portfolio To be declared daily and payable monthly Each Business Day Net Asset Value For class AJ, AT, CT, IT and NT shares Calculation To be declared and payable monthly Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com For class AA and SA shares Publication To be declared and payable monthly with a distribution rate to be derived from gross income (before deduction of fees and expenses) Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share Classes.

For additional information on share class For class AR shares hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares— To be declared and payable annually with a Currency Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk distribution rate to be derived from gross Factors -- Currency Hedged Share Class income (before deduction of fees and Risk" in Section II.

expenses) Order Cut-Off For USD-Denominated Share Classes, For class A2, C2, I2, N2, S EUR H, S1 EUR H, Times EUR-Denominated Share Classes and S SGD H, S2 and S1 2 shares HKD-Denominated Share Classes None.

4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each Business Day See "Distributions" below.

For Currency Hedged Share Classes *Includes Hedged Share Classes (unless 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each noted otherwise) Business Day Share Class Fees and Charges1 Contingent Deferred Initial Sales Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Sales Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AJ Shares Up to 3.00% 0.65% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AX Shares No longer offered 0.65% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class B2* None 0.85% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C and C2 Shares None 1.25% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class CT Shares None 1.25% None thereafter 0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.325% None None Class IT Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.325% None None Class N2 and NT Shares Up to 3.00% 1.35% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.25% None None Class SA Shares None None None None I-48AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio Class S2 Shares7 None None None None Class S1 2 Shares None 0.25% None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.325% None None Class S1 2 Shares None 0.25% None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AT EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AR EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C2 EUR H Shares None 1.25% None thereafter 0% Class I2 EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.325% None None Class S EUR H Shares7 None None None None Class S1 EUR H Shares None 0.25% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AA AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class I2 AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.325% None None Class IT AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.325% None None CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AA CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Up to 5.00% Class AA GBP H Shares 0.85% None None I-49AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AT SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AA SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class S SGD H Shares7 None None None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None Class AA NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 0.85% None None 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

and Expenses" in Section II.

The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How to 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" 6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the aggregate purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer fees and expenses with respect to the following share classes of the such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in Portfolio (including any management fee and all other fees and CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in With respect to class C, C2 and CT shares (and corresponding H Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d'Abonnement but exclusive of shares), a dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred sales certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on charge in certain circumstances.

borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the average Net 7 Class S, SA and S2 shares are reserved for institutional investors Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to the Portfolio's share that have entered into an agreement with the Management classes (and corresponding H shares), as follows: A (1.20%), A2 Company and are being charged an investment management fee (1.20%), AJ (1.00%), AR (1.20%), AT (1.20%), AA (1.20%), AX separately.

However, Class B shares may be made available for excess fees and expenses.

exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation 2 After four years from the date of purchase, class B shares are eligible thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or for conversion to class A shares (and corresponding H shares), other AB fund.

without charge from either the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

3 As a percentage of purchase price.

4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also Other Share Class Features Minimum Minimum Offered Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** USD-Denominated Share Classes $2,000 $750 Class A and A2 Shares Dollar None 0.05% Class AJ Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% $2,000 $750 Class AT Shares Dollar None 0.05% No longer Class AX Shares Dollar No longer offered No longer offered 0.05% offered Dollar $2,000 $750 Class AA Shares None 0.05% $2,000 $750 $250,000 Class B Shares Dollar 0.05% I-50AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio $2,000 $750 Class C and C2 Shares Dollar None 0.05% $2,000 $750 Class CT Shares Dollar None 0.05% $1 million** Class I and I2 Shares Dollar None None 0.05% Dollar $1 million** Class IT Shares None None 0.05% Class N2 and NT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% $25 million** Class S and S2 Shares Dollar None None 0.01% Class S1 and S1 2 $25 million** None None 0.01% Dollar Shares Dollar Class SA Shares $25 million** None None 0.01% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AT Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I and I2 Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 2 Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AA Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AT Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AT EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AR EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C2 EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I2 EUR H Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S EUR H Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 EUR H Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class I2 AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% Class IT AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class AA CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class AA GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AT SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class S SGD H Shares SGD S$20 million** None None 0.01% NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% ** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

I-51AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types or substantially all of the Portfolio's net income attributable to each class of Shares.

For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other For class AJ, AT, CT, IT and NT shares (and corresponding instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors should H shares), the Management Company intends to declare refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of the and pay monthly dividends equal to all or substantially all of Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is subject to the Portfolio's net income attributable to each class of the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment objective Shares.

and policies and the limitations contained in "Investment For class AA and SA shares (and corresponding H shares), Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

the Management Company intends to declare and make Risk Profile monthly distributions.

The Management Company intends to maintain a stable distribution rate per share for such The Portfolio may make use of financial derivative.

The share classes.

For class AR shares (and corresponding H investment restrictions (9) to (13) set forth in Appendix A to shares), the Management Company intends to declare and Section II will not apply.

This Portfolio shall employ instead the make annual distributions.

The distribution rate is to be Value-at-Risk (VaR) approach.

For further details concerning derived from gross income (before deduction of fees and the VaR approach, please refer to "Appendix C: Additional expenses) and distributions may also include realized and Information relating to Financial Derivative Instruments, unrealized gains and capital attributable to such classes of Financial Techniques and Instruments and Collateral Shares.

Since fees and expenses do not reduce the Management".

distribution rate, the NAV per Share of the relevant classes Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are will be reduced by such fees and expenses.

subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions The Management Company also may determine if and to offering these securities and their market value is influenced by what extent dividends paid include realized capital gains changes in interest rates.

The Portfolio's fixed-income and/or are paid out of capital, attributable to the relevant securities investments will generally be of Investment Grade or class of Shares.

To the extent the net income and net equivalent quality.

There can be no assurance that any realized profits attributable to these Shares exceed the distribution payments will occur and the Portfolio has no amount declared payable, the excess return will be specific maturity.

reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

Investing in equity securities in China involves particular risks Dividends may be automatically reinvested at the election and special considerations not typically associated with of the Shareholder.

investment in more developed economies or markets, such as For class A2, C2, I2, N2, S2 and S1 2 shares (and greater political, operational, tax, foreign exchange, liquidity corresponding H shares) and S EUR H, S1 EUR H, S SGD and regulatory risks.

For further information about the risks H shares, the Management Company currently does not associated with investment in China, please see "Risk intend to pay dividends with respect to the Shares.

Factors—Country Risks-China" in the General Information of Therefore, any net income and net realized profits the Fund.

attributable to the Shares will be reflected in the respective The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency Net Asset Value of the Shares.

fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in securities.

Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Therefore, no assurance can be given that the investment Transfer Agent Fees objective will be achieved, that invested capital will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual S, S1, S2, SA and S1 2 (and corresponding H shares) basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does not represent a shares, the Management Company is paid an annual fee complete investment program.

out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal to 0.10% of average For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio and daily Net Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid a more detailed discussion of these and other risks applicable an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk Factors" in aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the class S, S1, Section II.

S2, SA and S1 2 shares (and corresponding H shares) Profile of the Typical Investor equal to the lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Portfolio will suit medium risk-tolerant investors seeking the income potential of Investment Grade fixed-income The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent investment.

Investors are encouraged to consult their fee for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the independent financial advisors regarding the suitability of Portfolio in accordance with the usual practice in Shares of the Portfolio for their investment needs.

Luxembourg and shall not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the prospectus under Distributions "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees".

For class A, AX, B, C, I, S and S1 shares (and corresponding These fees are subject to the limitation on expenses H shares, unless noted otherwise), the Management Company discussed in note 1 to "Summary Information—Share Class intends to declare daily and pay monthly dividends equal to all Fees and Charges" above and may decrease or increase I-52AB FCP I—Short Duration Bond Portfolio depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction History volume or for other reasons.

The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on 16 September 1996.

Prior to this date, the Portfolio's assets Organizational Expenses were managed by the Management Company as the The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

Alliance Worldwide Income Fund ("Worldwide"), a mutual Historical Performance investment fund organized under the laws of the Grand Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio may Duchy of Luxembourg.

On 16 September 1996, all of be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

Worldwide's assets were transferred to, and all of Worldwide's liabilities were assumed by, the Portfolio.

It was renamed Short Duration Bond Portfolio on 1 July 2019.

I-53AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective Emerging market countries are those not characterized as The investment objective of the Portfolio is to produce high high income countries by the World Bank, based on per current income as well as overall total return.

capita gross national income (to obtain the World Bank’s list of such countries, please go to: Description of Investment Discipline and Process http://siteresources.worldbank.org/DATASTATISTICS/Reso In seeking to achieve this objective, the Portfolio will invest urces/CLASS.XLS) .

The Investment Manager's primarily, and at any time at least two-thirds of its assets in, a determination of which countries constitute emerging portfolio of high yielding debt securities of issuers located market countries may change from time to time.

throughout the world, including U.S. issuers and issuers in However, investing in many emerging market debt emerging market countries.

In selecting its investments, the securities is not feasible or may involve unacceptable Portfolio intends to allocate its assets among three main types political, economic and social risks.

See "Risks Factors of investments: (i) high yielding non-Investment Grade debt and Special Considerations—General Risks—Country securities of U.S. corporate issuers; (ii) non-Investment Grade Risk—Emerging Markets" in Section II.

As opportunities to debt securities of issuers located in emerging market countries; invest in debt securities in other emerging market countries and (iii) sovereign debt obligations issued by emerging market develop, the Portfolio expects to expand and diversify its countries.

However, the Portfolio is not prohibited from portfolio investments.

Emerging market debt securities may investing in other types of debt securities as the Investment take the form of bonds, debentures, bills, notes, convertible Manager deems appropriate.

For example, the Portfolio may securities, warrants, mortgage or other asset-backed invest in debt securities having an Investment Grade rating if securities and interests in entities organized and operated the Investment Manager determines that such debt securities for the purpose of restructuring the investment possess desirable yield and/or total return characteristics.

In characteristics of emerging market debt securities.

The addition, the Portfolio may utilize financial derivative portfolio may also use a variety of financial derivative instruments in executing its investment strategy as set forth instruments or structured products to effectively and below under Financial Derivative Instruments.

efficiently replicate exposure to emerging market bonds.

The Portfolio’s investments may be denominated in various For further information regarding certain of these currencies.

In addition to the restrictions provided in Appendix investments, see "Investment Types" in Section II.

A to Section II, the Portfolio will not invest more than 20% of its In evaluating obligations, the Investment Manager will total assets in one country; provided, however, that such utilize its internal credit analysis resources as well as limitation will not apply to investments by the Portfolio in U.S. financial and economic information obtained from other issuers.

Investing on an international basis involves special sources.

With respect to foreign corporate issuers, the considerations.

Investment Manager will consider the financial condition of The debt securities of U.S. and non-U.S. corporate issuers in the issuer and market and economic conditions relevant to which the Portfolio may invest include bonds, debentures, bills its operations.

In terms of foreign governmental obligations, and notes.

These debt securities may have equity features, the Investment Manager will review the financial position of such as conversion rights or warrants, which may provide the the issuer and political and economic conditions in the Portfolio with opportunities to enhance its return on its country.

Investment in securities of supranational entities is investment.

See "Investment Types—Debt Securities Types— subject to the additional risk that member governments may Convertible Securities" in Section II.

There is no minimum fail to make required capital contributions and that a rating requirement with respect to the Portfolio's investments in supranational entity may thus be unable to meet its debt securities of corporate issuers.

The Portfolio's investments in emerging market debt securities The Fund's fully managed approach for the Portfolio may consist of (i) debt securities or obligations issued or enables the Portfolio to seek high current income plus guaranteed by governments, governmental agencies or overall total investment return by making investments in instrumentalities and political subdivisions located in emerging various currencies on the basis of the potential capital market countries, (ii) debt securities or obligations issued by appreciation of such instruments in Dollars and the rates of government-owned, controlled or sponsored entities located in income paid on such instruments.

As a general matter, in emerging market countries, (iii) obligations of issuers organized evaluating investments, the Fund will consider, among and operated for the purpose of restructuring the investment other factors, the relative levels of interest rates prevailing characteristics of securities issued by any of the entities in various countries, the potential appreciation of such described above and (iv) financial derivative instruments investments in their denominated currencies and, for debt related to the instruments listed in (i)-(iii) above.

These debt instruments not denominated in Dollars, the potential securities are expected to be rated, at the time of investment, movement in the value of such currencies compared to the below Investment Grade or, if not rated, determined by the Dollar.

In seeking capital appreciation for the Portfolio, the Investment Manager to be of comparable quality.

Emerging Fund may invest in relatively low yielding instruments in market debt securities in which the Portfolio may invest will be expectation of favorable currency fluctuations or interest subject to higher risk, will not be required to meet a minimum rate movements, thereby potentially reducing the Portfolio's rating standard and may not be rated for creditworthiness by yield.

In seeking income for the Portfolio, the Fund may any internationally recognized rating agency.

invest in short term instruments with relatively high yields I-54AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio (as compared to other debt securities) notwithstanding that the strategy.

The expected level of leverage of the Portfolio is Fund does not anticipate that such instruments will experience estimated to be in the 0% to 100% range of its Net Asset substantial capital appreciation.

The expected level of leverage is calculated as the sum of the notionals of the financial derivative instruments The average maturity of the securities of the Portfolio will vary held by the Portfolio.

Pursuant to the CSSF Circular 11/512 based upon the Investment Manager's assessment of dated 30 May 2011, this calculation methodology neither economic and market conditions.

As with all debt securities, takes into account the fact that a particular financial changes in interest rates will affect the Fund's asset value as derivative instrument increases or decreases the Portfolio’s the prices of portfolio securities generally increase when investment risks nor permits to net financial derivative interest rates decline and decrease when interest rates rise.

instruments with reverse positions.

Shareholders should be Prices of longer term securities generally fluctuate more in aware that (i) a higher level of expected leverage does not response to interest rate changes than do shorter term automatically imply a higher level of investment risk and (ii) securities.

The Fund does not expect the average maturity of the expected level of leverage disclosed above is mainly the Portfolio to exceed 15 years.

generated by the use of derivatives for hedging purposes or Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio for efficient portfolio management.

In addition, the actual Management Techniques.

The Investment Manager may use leverage of the Portfolio may deviate from the above derivative products and strategies when implementing the mentioned expected level of leverage.

Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Such financial derivative Risk Measurement.

The Investment Manager will utilize a instruments may include, but are not limited to, swaps Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to monitor the global (including interest rate swaps ("IRS"), total rate of return swaps exposure (market risk) for the Portfolio.

The global exposure ("TRS") and credit default swaps ("CDS")), credit linked notes, of the Portfolio is measured by the absolute VaR swaptions, options, futures and currency transactions methodology pursuant to which the VaR of the Portfolio may (including forward currency contracts).

These financial not exceed 20% of its Net Asset Value.

derivative instruments (including OTC derivatives and exchange-traded financial derivative instruments) and efficient Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the Bloomberg portfolio management techniques may be employed for the Global High Yield Index (USD Hedged).

The Portfolio uses following purposes: (i) as an alternative to investing directly in the benchmark for performance comparison.

The Portfolio the underlying instruments, (ii) to manage duration and is actively managed and the Investment Manager is not volatility, (iii) to hedge against interest rate, credit and currency constrained by its benchmark when implementing the fluctuations, (iv) to obtain currency exposure and (v) for Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may efficient portfolio management purposes .

With respect to CDS, hold, in certain market conditions and subject to the the Portfolio may both "sell" protection in order to gain Investment Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of exposure and "buy" protection to hedge credit exposure.

the components of the benchmark, it will not hold every In accordance with the transparency requirements of the SFT component of the benchmark and may also hold securities Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, the that are not part of it.

expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net assets that will be subject to securities financing transactions (i.e.

Other Investment Policies securities lending transactions as well as repurchase The Portfolio anticipates that a substantial portion of its agreements and reverse repurchase agreements) ("SFTs") and assets will be denominated in currencies other than the total return swaps and/or other financial derivative instruments Dollar.

The Portfolio is not restricted in the portion of its with similar characteristics ("TRS"); being specified that in assets that may be invested in securities denominated in a certain circumstances this proportion may be higher.

The portion of the Portfolio's assets Type of Expected Range Maximum invested in securities denominated in currencies other than Transactions the Dollar will vary depending on market conditions.

The analysis of currencies is made independently of the TRS 0%-20% 50% analysis of markets.

The Investment Manager analyzes current account and capital account performance and real Repurchase 0%-5% 10% interest rates to adjust for shorter-term currency flows.

See agreements and "Risk Factors—General Risks—Currency Risk" in Section reverse repurchase II.

agreements The Portfolio may, as a temporary defensive measure or to Securities lending N/A N/A provide for redemptions or in anticipation of investment in transactions foreign markets, hold cash or cash equivalents (in Dollars or foreign currencies) and short-term securities, including For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer to money market securities.

"Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its total net assets in Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments securities for which there is no ready market.

See and Collateral Management."

paragraph (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Leverage.

The Investment Manager does not expect to utilize Section II.

The Portfolio may therefore not be readily able bank borrowing in implementing the Portfolio’s investment to sell such securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual I-55AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio restrictions on the resale of such securities.

In addition, other onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency process types of securities are subject to this 10% restriction.

subject to foreign exchange control policies of and repatriation restrictions imposed by the Chinese Currency Hedged Share Classes government in coordination with the Hong Kong Monetary One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a Authority (HKMA).

The value of CNH could differ, perhaps particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be significantly, from that of CNY due to a number of factors hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class will including without limitation those foreign exchange control constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency policies and repatriation restrictions pursued by the Chinese Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return more government from time-to-time as well as other external closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by market forces.

reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the relevant Offered Since 2005, foreign exchange control policies pursued by Currency, taking into account practical considerations such as the Chinese government have resulted in the general transaction costs.

The hedging strategy employed is designed appreciation of RMB (both CNH and CNY).

This to reduce, but may not eliminate, currency exposure between appreciation may or may not continue and there can be no the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation at some point.

Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the investment the value of investors’ investments in the RMB H shares.

management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency Hedged Share The RMB H shares participate in the offshore RMB (CNH) Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying assets, which is hedged market, which allows investors to freely transact CNH to the Offered Currency.

Expenses incurred as a result of such outside of mainland China with approved banks in the Hong hedging activity will be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Kong market (HKMA approved banks).

The RMB H shares Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

will have no requirement to remit CNH to onshore RMB (CNY).

Responsible investing.

Risk Factors linked to RMB Hedged Share Classes.

Since The Portfolio integrates ESG considerations.

The Portfolio 2005, the RMB exchange rate is no longer pegged to the U.S. applies certain exclusions and details can be found at dollar.

RMB has now moved to a managed floating exchange www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

rate based on market supply and demand with reference to a basket of foreign currencies.

The daily trading price of the RMB The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental against other major currencies in the inter-bank foreign and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix exchange market is allowed to float within a narrow band E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more around the central parity published by the People’s Bank of information).

RMB convertibility from offshore RMB (CNH) to I-56AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Distributions* For class A, B, C, I, JA, J and W shares Portfolio To be declared daily and payable monthly For class AT, BT, CT, IT, NT, S1D, S1D2 and WT shares Class Name H means Currency Hedged Share To be declared and payable monthly Classes.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to For class AA, EA, IA and SA shares Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged To be declared and payable monthly with a Share Classes" and "Risk Factors— distribution rate to be derived from gross income Currency Hedged Share Class Risk" in (before deduction of fees and expenses) Section II.

For class SHK shares To be declared daily and payable monthly with a Net Asset Value Each Business Day distribution rate to be derived from gross income Calculation (before deduction of fees and expenses) Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com For class AR shares Publication To be declared and payable annually with a distribution rate to be derived from gross income Order Cut-Off For USD-Denominated Share Classes, (before deduction of fees and expenses) Times EUR-Denominated Share Classes, HKD-Denominated Share Classes and For class SK shares SGD-Denominated Share Classes To be declared and payable at the Management 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each Company’s discretion Business Day For class A2, B2, C2, I2, N2, S, S1 and W2 shares For Currency Hedged Share Classes None.

(except RMB Hedged Share Classes) For class IQD and S1QD shares 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on To be declared and payable quarterly each Business Day For RMB Hedged Share Classes For class AK and CK shares 1:00 P.M. Central European Time on To be declared and payable bi-annually each Business Day See "Distributions" below.

* Includes hedged share classes.

Share Class Fees and Charges1 Initial Sales Contingent Deferred Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Sales Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AK Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Class B and B2 Shares2** None Up to 1.45% 1.00% 0–1 year held=3.0% Up to 1.25% 1–2 yrs=2.0% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% I-57AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Class BT Shares2** None Up to 1.45% 1.00% 0–1 year held=3.0% Up to 1.25% 1–2 yrs=2.0% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Up to 1.95% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C and C2 Shares None None Up to 1.75% thereafter 0% Up to 1.95% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class CT Shares None None Up to 1.75% thereafter 0% Up to 1.95% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class CK Shares None None Up to 1.75% thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=3.0% Up to 1.45% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA Shares11 None 0.50% Up to 1.25% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Up to 0.95% Class I and I2 Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Up to 0.95% Class IT Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Up to 0.95% Class IQD Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Up to 1.45% Class JA Shares None None None Up to 1.25% 0–1 year held=3.0% Up to 1.45% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class J Shares2 None 1.00% Up to 1.25% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Up to 2.00% Class N2 and NT Shares Up to 3.00% None None Up to 1.85% Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.90% None None Class SA Shares7 None None None None Class S1D Shares10 None 0.90% None None Class S1D2 Shares None 0.90% None None Class S1QD Shares None 0.90% None None Class SK Shares8 None 0.65% None None Class SHK Shares8 None None None None Class W Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None Class WT Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None Class W2 Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AK Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.95% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C and C2 Shares None None Up to 1.75% thereafter 0% Class I and I2 Shares9 Up to 1.50% Up to 0.95% None None I-58AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Up to 0.75% Class S1 Shares None 0.90% None None Class W Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class IT Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% SGD-Denominated Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class I2 Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares Up to 1.45% and Class AT EUR H Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Shares Up to 1.45% Class AK EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AR EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Class C2 EUR H Shares Up to 1.95% 0–1 year held=1.0% and Class CT EUR H None None Up to 1.75% thereafter 0% Shares Up to 1.95% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class CK EUR H Shares None None Up to 1.75% thereafter 0% Up to 0.95% Class I2 EUR H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Up to 0.95% Class IT EUR H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Class S EUR H Shares7 None None None None Class S1 EUR H Shares None 0.90% None None Class S1QD EUR H Shares None 0.90% None None Class WT EUR H Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None Class W2 EUR H Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class AT AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA AUD H Shares None None Up to 5.00% Up to 1.25% I-59AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio 0–1 year held=3.0% Up to 1.45% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class BT AUD H Shares2** None 1.00% Up to 1.25% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0–1 year held=3.0% Up to 1.45% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA AUD H Shares11 None 0.50% Up to 1.25% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Up to 0,95% None None Class I2 AUD H Shares9 Up to 1.50% Up to 0.75% Up to 0.95% Class IT AUD H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Up to 0.95% Class IA AUD H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Class S1 AUD H Shares None 0.90% None None Class WT AUD H Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares Up to 1.45% and Class AT SGD H Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Shares Up to 1.45% Class AA SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class I2 SGD H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Up to 0.95% Up to 1.50% None None Class IT SGD H Shares9 Up to 0.75% CAD Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class AT CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class IT CAD H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Class WT CAD H Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None GBP Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class AT GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class IT GBP H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Class WT GBP H Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None I-60AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio RMB* Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class AT RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class I2 RMB H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Up to 0.95% Class IT RMB H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% Class WT RMB H Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class AT NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 1.45% Class AA NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class IT NZD H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class AA ZAR H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% 0–1 year held=3.0% Up to 1.45% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA ZAR H Shares11 None 0.50% Up to 1.25% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% CHF Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class A2 CHF H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class I2 CHF H Shares9 Up to 1.50% Up to 0.75% None None Class W2 CHF H Shares9 None Up to 1.15% None None PLN Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class A2 PLN H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class I2 PLN H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% CZK Hedged Share Classes Up to 1.45% Class A2 CZK H Shares Up to 5.00% None None Up to 1.25% Up to 0.95% Class I2 CZK H Shares9 Up to 1.50% None None Up to 0.75% 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and share classes of the Portfolio (including any management fee and Transfer Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the all other fees and expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees Portfolio, fees as described under "Other Portfolio Information— and Expenses" in Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer d'Abonnement but exclusive of certain other taxes, brokerage (if Agent Fees" below.

The Portfolio also bears all of its other applicable) and interest on borrowings) exceed the following expenses.

See "How to Purchase Shares" and "Additional percentages of the Portfolio's average Net Asset Value for the fiscal Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II.

The year attributable to the Portfolio's share classes (and corresponding Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, until the H shares) as follows: S (0.10%), SK (0.75%), SHK (0.10%), S1 Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies (1.00%), S1D (1.00%), S1D2 (1.00%), S1QD (1.00%) and SA Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the (0.10%), the Fund may deduct from the payment to be made to the aggregate fees and expenses with respect to the following I-61AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Management Company, or the Management Company will otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

2 After four years from the date of purchase, class B, B2, BT and J shares are eligible for conversion to class A, A2, AT and JA shares, respectively, without charge from either the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares— Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

3 As a percentage of purchase price.

4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II.

For all Shares except class, S, S1, S1D, S1D2, S1QD, W, W2, and WT shares, consecutive fee levels listed apply with respect to (1) the first $15,000,000,000 of the collective net assets of these Portfolio share classes and (2) the amount of the collective net assets of these Portfolio share classes over $15,000,000,000.

5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

6 For class B, B2 and BT shares, as a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the duration that such Shares are held.

For class J shares, as a percentage of the current Net Asset Value of the Shares being redeemed.

CDSC Shares may only be purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

With respect to class C, CT, CK and C2 shares (and corresponding H shares), a dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred sales charge in certain circumstances.

7 Class S and SA shares are reserved for institutional investors that have entered into an agreement with the Management Company and are being charged an investment management fee separately.

8 Class SKand SHK shares are reserved for investments by AB funds.

9 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share Class Information" in Section II.

10 Class S1D shares are open to new purchases from existing shareholders of this share class only.

11 After three years from the date of purchase, class EA shares (and corresponding H shares) will be converted to class AA shares (and corresponding H shares) without charge from either the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

* "RMB" refers to offshore RMB ("CNH") and not onshore RMB known as CNY.

** Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be offered.

However, Class B shares may be made available for exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or other AB fund.

I-62AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Other Share Class Features Minimum Offered Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies* Investment** Investment** Investment*** d'Abonnement**** USD-Denominated Share Classes Dollar $2,000 $750 Class A and A2 Shares None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class AT Shares None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class AK Shares None 0.05% Class AA Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% $2,000 $750 $250,000 Class B and B2 Shares 0.05% Dollar Dollar $2,000 $750 $250,000 Class BT Shares 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class C and C2 Shares None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class CK Shares None 0.05% $750 Class CT Shares Dollar $2,000 None 0.05% Class EA Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I, I2 and IQD Dollar $1 million*** None None 0.05% Shares $1 million*** Class IT Shares Dollar None None 0.05% Class JA Shares Dollar 300 shares $750 None 0.05% Class J Shares Dollar 300 shares $750 None 0.05% Class N2 and NT Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Shares Dollar $25 million*** Class S Shares None None 0.01% $25 million*** Class S1 Shares Dollar None None 0.01% Class SA Shares Dollar $25 million*** None None 0.01% Dollar No longer offered Class S1D Shares None None 0.01% to new investors Class S1D2 Shares Dollar $25 million*** None None 0.01% Class S1QD Shares Dollar $25 million*** None None 0.01% Class SK Shares Dollar $25 million*** None None 0.01% Class SHK Shares Dollar $25 million*** None None 0.01% Dollar $1 million*** Class W Shares None None 0.05% Class WT Shares Dollar $1 million*** None None 0.05% Class W2 Shares Dollar $1 million*** None None 0.05% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% I-63AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Class AT Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AK Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C2 Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Euro €1 million*** None None 0.05% Class I Shares Euro €1 million*** None None 0.05% Class I2 Shares Euro €20 million*** None None 0.01% Class S1 Shares Class W Shares Euro €1 million*** None None 0.05% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AT Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AA Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class IT Shares HKD HK$8 million*** None None 0.05% SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AT Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% SGD S$1,5 million*** Class I2 Shares None None 0.05% Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment** Investment** Investment*** d'Abonnement**** EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares and Class AT EUR H Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Shares Class AK EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AA EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AR EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C2 EUR H Shares and Class CT EUR H Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Shares Class CK EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I2 EUR H Shares Euro €1 million*** None None 0.05% Class IT EUR H Shares Euro €1 million*** None None 0.05% Class S EUR H Shares Euro €20 million*** None None 0.01% Class S1 EUR H Shares Euro €20 million*** None None 0.01% Class S1QD EUR H Shares Euro €20 million*** None None 0.01% Class WT EUR H Shares Euro €1 million*** None None 0.05% Class W2 EUR H Shares Euro €1 million*** None None 0.05% AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class BT AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 A$250,000 0.05% Class EA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class I2 AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million*** None None 0.05% I-64AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Class IT AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million*** None None 0.05% Class IA AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million*** None None 0.05% Class S1 AUD H Shares AUD A$25 million None None 0.01% Class WT AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million*** None None 0.05% SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AT SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class I2 SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million*** None None 0.05% Class IT SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million*** None None 0.05% CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class AA CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class IT CAD H Shares CAD C$1 million*** None None 0.05% Class WT CAD H Shares CAD C$1 million*** None None 0.05% GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class AA GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class IT GBP H Shares GBP £500,000*** None None 0.05% Class WT GBP H Shares GBP £500,000*** None None 0.05% RMB Hedged Share Classes Class AT RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% Class AA RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% Class I2 RMB H Shares RMB RMB 5,000,000*** None None 0.05% Class IT RMB H Shares RMB RMB 5,000,000*** None None 0.05% Class WT RMB H Shares RMB RMB 5,000,000*** None None 0.05% NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class IT NZD H Shares NZD NZD1.5 million*** None None 0.05% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AA ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Class EA ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 2,000 CHF 750 None 0.05% Class I2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1million*** None None 0.05% Class W2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1 million*** None None 0.05% PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A2 PLN H Shares PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 None 0.05% Class I2 PLN H Shares PLN PLN 4,000,000*** None None 0.05% CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CZK H Shares CZK CZK 50,000 CZK 20,000 None 0.05% Class I2 CZK H Shares CZK CZK 25,000,000*** None None 0.05% * Does not denote that such Offered Currency is hedged at the *** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole Share Class level.

** Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

**** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

I-65AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types substantially all of the Portfolio's net income attributable to For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments each class of Shares.

used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other For class IQD and S1QD shares, the Management instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors should Company intends to declare and pay quarterly dividends refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of the equal to all or substantially all of the Portfolio's net income Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is subject to attributable to the class of Shares.

For class SK shares, the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment objective the Management Company may declare and pay dividends and policies and the limitations contained in "Investment at its discretion.

Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

For class AK and CK shares (and corresponding H shares), Risk Profile the Management Company intends to declare and pay bi- It is intended that this Portfolio will make use of financial annually dividends equal to all or substantially all of the derivative instruments.

The investment restrictions (9) to (13) Portfolio's net income attributable to the relevant class of set forth in Appendix A to Section II will not apply.

This Portfolio Shares.

shall employ the Value-at-Risk (VaR) approach.

For further details concerning the VaR approach, please refer to For class AA, EA, IA and SA shares (and corresponding H "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial shares), the Management Company intends to declare and Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments make monthly distributions.

The Management Company intends to maintain a stable distribution rate per share for and Collateral Management".

such share classes.

Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are For class AR shares (and corresponding H shares), the subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions Management Company intends to declare and make annual offering these securities and their market value is influenced by distributions.

For class SHK shares , the Management changes in interest rates.

Because the Portfolio's fixed-income Company intends to declare daily and make monthly securities investments may be below Investment Grade quality, distributions.

The distribution rate is to be derived from these risks are higher for this Portfolio than for a portfolio that gross income (before deduction of fees and expenses) and invests solely in Investment Grade or equivalent quality fixed- distributions may also include realized and unrealized gains income securities.

Below Investment Grade securities are also and capital attributable to such classes of Shares.

Since subject to greater risk of loss of principal and interest and are fees and expenses do not reduce the distribution rate, the generally less liquid and more volatile.

There can be no NAV per Share of the relevant classes will be reduced by assurance that any distribution payments will occur and the such fees and expenses.

Portfolio has no specific maturity.

The Management Company also may determine if and to The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency what extent dividends paid include realized capital gains fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in securities.

and/or are paid out of capital attributable to the relevant Therefore, no assurance can be given that the investment class of Shares.

To the extent the net income and net objective will be achieved, that invested capital will be realized profits attributable to these Shares exceed the preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment amount declared payable, the excess return will be results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

An investment in the Portfolio does not represent a Dividends may be automatically reinvested at the election complete investment program.

of the Shareholder.

For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio and For class A2, B2, C2, I2, N2, S, S1 and W2 shares (and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks applicable corresponding H shares), the Management Company to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk Factors" in currently does not intend to pay dividends with respect to Section II.

the Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net realized Profile of the Typical Investor profits attributable to the Shares will be reflected in the The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking the respective Net Asset Value of the Shares.

income potential of fixed-income investment.

Investors are Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and encouraged to consult their independent financial advisors Transfer Agent Fees regarding the suitability of Shares of the Portfolio for their For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class investment needs.

S, SK, SHK, S1D, S1D2, S1QD, S1 and SA shares (and Distributions corresponding H shares), the Management Company is For class A, B, C, I, JA, J and W shares (and corresponding H paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the shares), the Management Company intends to declare daily aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal and pay monthly dividends equal to all or substantially all of the to 0.10% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Portfolio's net income attributable to each class of Shares.

Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value For class AT, BT, CT, IT, NT, S1D, S1D2 and WT shares (and attributable to the class S, SK, SHK, S1D, S1D2, S1QD, S1 corresponding H shares), the Management Company intends and SA shares (and corresponding H shares) equal to the to declare and pay monthly dividends equal to all or I-66AB FCP I—Global High Yield Portfolio lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

Historical Performance Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee may be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall History not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer 22 September 1997.

These fees may decrease or increase depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction volume or for other reasons.

Organizational Expenses The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

I-67AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective 1.

Direct obligations of the U.S.

The primary investment objective of the Portfolio is to seek to Treasury which are issued in maturities of one year or provide a high level of current income consistent with less.

No interest is paid on U.S. Treasury Bills; instead, preservation of capital.

they are issued at a discount and repaid at full face value when they mature.

They are backed by the full The Portfolio seeks to meet its investment objective by faith and credit of the U.S. Government.

investing in a diversified portfolio of fixed-income securities.

Direct obligations of the U.S. As a secondary objective, the Portfolio will seek to increase its Treasury issued in maturities which vary between one capital through appreciation of its investments in order to and ten years, with interest payable every six months.

preserve and, if possible, increase the purchasing power of They are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. each Shareholder's investment.

Description of Investment Discipline and Process 3.

These direct obligations of the The Portfolio's investments may include all types of U.S. U.S. Treasury are issued in maturities of more than ten Government Securities, including those backed by the full faith years from the date of issue, with interest payable and credit of the U.S. Government, those supported by the every six months.

They are backed by the full faith and right to borrow from the U.S. Treasury and those backed by the credit of the U.S. Government.

credit of the issuing agency itself.

The Portfolio may also 4.

Guaranteed Mortgage Pass-Through Securities.

These invest in fixed-income securities issued by U.S. corporations are mortgage-related securities issued or guaranteed and by non-U.S. corporations and by governments other than by the Government National Mortgage Association that of the United States (including, but not limited to, states, ("Ginnie Mae" or "GNMA"), the Federal National provinces and municipalities) or their agencies and Mortgage Association ("Fannie Mae" or "FNMA") or the instrumentalities ("governmental entities") issuing securities Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("Freddie denominated in Dollars and a variety of mortgage-backed Mac" or "FHLMC").

Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac securities and zero coupon securities.

In addition, the Portfolio securities are not backed by the full faith and credit of may utilize financial derivative instruments for hedging, risk the U.S. Government.

See "Types of Investments— management, efficient portfolio management and as an Debt Securities Types—Pass-Through Mortgage- alternative to investing directly in the underlying investments.

Related Securities" in Section II.

The Portfolio will maintain investment exposure of at least 65% 5.

These are securities issued by of its total assets in U.S. issuers.

The Investment Manager a U.S. Government instrumentality or agency which are anticipates that the Portfolio will maintain investment exposure backed by a portfolio of mortgages or mortgage-backed of at least 50% of its total assets in (i) U.S. Government securities held under an indenture.

See "Investment Securities, as described below, and (ii) other fixed-income Types Investments—Debt Securities Types— securities described herein that, at the time of investment, are Collateralized Mortgage Obligations and Multi-Class considered Investment Grade, or if not so rated, are Pass-Through Securities" in Section II.

determined by the Investment Manager to be of equivalent quality.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, under certain market Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio conditions the Investment Manager may obtain investment Management Techniques.

The Investment Manager may exposure in excess of 50% of the Portfolio's assets in use derivative products and strategies when implementing securities that are rated below Investment Grade if the the Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Such financial Investment Manager deems such investments appropriate in derivative instruments may include, but are not limited to, light of current market conditions and the Portfolio's investment swaps (including interest rate swaps ("IRS"), total rate of objective.

The Portfolio will generally not invest in securities return swaps ("TRS") and credit default swaps ("CDS")), rated below B (including B1, B2 and B3) by Moody's or B swaptions, options, futures and currency transactions (including B+ and B-) by S&P or, if unrated by an IRSO, (including forward currency contracts).

These financial considered by the Investment Manager to be of equivalent derivative instruments (including OTC derivatives and quality to such a rating.

exchange-traded financial derivative instruments) and efficient portfolio management techniques may be Securities rated below Investment Grade are commonly employed for the following purposes: (i) as an alternative to referred to as "junk bonds."

See "Risk Factors—Debt investing directly in the underlying investments, (ii) to Securities Risks—Fixed-Income Securities Risks—Lower- manage duration, (iii) to hedge against interest rate, credit Rated and Unrated Instruments" in Section II.

The Portfolio and currency fluctuations and (iv) for efficient portfolio expects that it will generally not retain a security which is management purposes.

With respect to CDS, the Portfolio downgraded below B (including B1, B2 and B3) by Moody's or may both "sell" protection in order to gain exposure and B (including B+ and B-) by S&P or, if unrated by an IRSO, "buy" protection to hedge credit exposure.

determined by the Investment Manager to have undergone similar credit quality deterioration subsequent to purchase.

In accordance with the transparency requirements of the SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, As used herein, "U.S. Government Securities" include, without the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net limitation, the following: I-68AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio assets that will be subject to securities financing transactions of the total net assets of the Portfolio would be invested in (i.e.

securities lending transactions as well as repurchase such securities immediately after and as a result of such agreements and reverse repurchase agreements) ("SFTs") and transaction.

See paragraph (5) in Appendix A to Section II.

total return swaps and/or other financial derivative instruments Investment by the Portfolio in certain of the securities with similar characteristics ("TRS"); being specified that in described in Section II under "Investment Types" will be certain circumstances this proportion may be higher.

subject to the limitation described in the foregoing sentence.

In particular, private mortgage pass-through Type of Expected Range Maximum securities, privately issued collateralized mortgage Transactions obligations, privately issued multi-class pass-through TRS 0%-20% 50% securities, certain options relating to securities and certain zero coupon securities will be subject to the foregoing limits Repurchase 0%-5% 10% unless such securities are traded on a securities exchange agreements and or on another regulated market.

In addition, other types of reverse repurchase securities are subject to this 10% restriction.

agreements The Portfolio will maintain investment exposure of at least Securities lending N/A N/A 80% of its total assets in fixed-income securities, and in no transactions case will the amount of the Portfolio's investment exposure in such securities be less than half of the Portfolio's total assets.

In no case will the amount of the Portfolio's For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer to investment exposure to securities issued by American "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial issuers be less than two-thirds of the Portfolio's total assets.

Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments For these purposes, an "American issuer" is a government, and Collateral Management."

governmental agency, company or other entity that (i) is Other Investment Policies domiciled or organized in, or (ii) is established and conducting business in, or (iii) carries out the preponderant The Portfolio will not invest more than 5% of its total assets in part of its economic activities in North, South or Central the securities of any one issuer, excepting obligations issued or America.

guaranteed by the U.S. Government, its agencies or instrumentalities.

Further, the Portfolio will not own more than Leverage.

The Investment Manager does not expect to 10% of the outstanding voting securities of any issuer.

The utilize bank borrowing in implementing the Portfolio’s Portfolio has complete flexibility as to the types of securities investment strategy.

The expected level of leverage of the and financial derivative instruments in which it will invest and Portfolio is estimated to be in the 0% to 100% range of its the relative proportions thereof, and the Portfolio plans to vary Net Asset Value.

The expected level of leverage is the proportions of its holdings of long- and short-term fixed- calculated as the sum of the notionals of the financial income securities (including debt securities, convertible debt derivative instruments held by the Portfolio.

Pursuant to the securities, U.S. Government obligations) and of preferred CSSF Circular 11/512 dated 30 May 2011, this calculation stocks, in order to reflect its assessment of prospective cyclical methodology neither takes into account the fact that a changes even if such action may adversely affect current particular financial derivative instrument increases or income.

However, substantially all of the Portfolio's decreases the Portfolio’s investment risks nor permits to net investments will be income-producing.

The Portfolio may financial derivative instruments with reverse positions.

maintain investment exposure of up to 35% of its total assets in Shareholders should be aware that (i) a higher level of securities of non-U.S. issuers.

The purchase of securities of expected leverage does not automatically imply a higher non-U.S. issuers entails certain political and economic risks, level of investment risk and (ii) the expected level of and accordingly the Portfolio has restricted its investments in leverage disclosed above is mainly generated by the use of securities in this category to issues of high quality.

Payment of derivatives for hedging purposes or for efficient portfolio interest and principal upon these obligations may also be management.

In addition, the actual leverage of the affected by governmental action in the country of domicile Portfolio may deviate from the above mentioned expected (generally referred to as "sovereign risk").

In addition, level of leverage.

evidences of ownership of portfolio securities may be held Risk Measurement.

The Investment Manager will utilize a outside of the United States and the Portfolio may be subject to Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to monitor the global the risks associated with the holding of such property exposure (market risk) for the Portfolio.

The global overseas.

Examples of governmental actions would be the exposure of the Portfolio is measured by the absolute VaR imposition of currency controls, interest limitations, seizure of methodology pursuant to which the VaR of the Portfolio assets, or the declaration of a moratorium.

may not exceed 20% of its Net Asset Value.

The Portfolio may not invest in securities which are not quoted Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the Bloomberg securities or which cannot be readily resold because of legal or US Aggregate Index.

The Portfolio uses the benchmark for contractual restrictions or which are not otherwise readily performance comparison.

The Portfolio is actively managed marketable or in debt instruments which are not treated, and the Investment Manager is not constrained by its because of their characteristics, as equivalent to transferable benchmark when implementing the Portfolio’s investment securities and which are, inter alia, transferable, liquid and strategy.

Although the Portfolio may hold, in certain market have a value that can be accurately determined at any conditions and subject to the Investment Manager’s full Business Day, if, regarding all such securities, more than 10% I-69AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio discretion, a significant part of the components of the against other major currencies in the inter-bank foreign benchmark, it will not hold every component of the benchmark exchange market is allowed to float within a narrow band and may also hold securities that are not part of it.

around the central parity published by the People’s Bank of China.

RMB convertibility from offshore RMB (CNH) to onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency process Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes subject to foreign exchange control policies of and For classes designated with DUR PH, the Investment Manager repatriation restrictions imposed by the Chinese intends to hedge a portion of the interest rate risk of the government in coordination with the Hong Kong Monetary Portfolio through the use of financial derivative instruments.

The value of CNH could differ, perhaps These share classes intend to provide investors a return that is significantly, from that of CNY due to a number of factors less sensitive to interest rate fluctuations by partially hedging including without limitation those foreign exchange control the duration of the overall Portfolio for shareholders in the policies and repatriation restrictions pursued by the Chinese Partial Duration Hedged Share Class.

The partial duration government from time-to-time as well as other external hedging strategy is designed to reduce, though may not market forces.

eliminate, the interest rate risk of the overall Portfolio in the Partial Duration Hedged Share Class.

Since 2005, foreign exchange control policies pursued by Managing the interest rate risk at the Partial Duration Hedged the Chinese government have resulted in the general Share Classes level does not affect the investment appreciation of RMB (both CNH and CNY).

This management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since the appreciation may or may not continue and there can be no financial derivative instrument transactions used to hedge the assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation at interest rate risk will be performed at the net asset value (NAV) some point.

Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect of the Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes.

Expenses the value of investors’ investments in the RMB H shares.

incurred as a result of such hedging activity will be borne on a pro rata basis by all Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes The RMB H shares participate in the offshore RMB (CNH) issued within the Portfolio.

market, which allows investors to freely transact CNH Shareholders should be aware that Partial Duration Hedged outside of mainland China with approved banks in the Hong Share Classes may still have significant sensitivity to changes Kong market (HKMA approved banks).

The RMB H shares in interest rates, which would impact the NAV of the Partial will have no requirement to remit CNH to onshore RMB Duration Hedged Share Class.

Responsible investing.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to The Portfolio integrates ESG considerations.

The Portfolio Purchase Shares—Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes" applies certain exclusions and details can be found at and "Risk Factors—Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes" in www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

Section II.

Currency Hedged Share Classes The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be information).

hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class will constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

Risk Factors linked to RMB Hedged Share Classes.

Since 2005, the RMB exchange rate is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar.

RMB has now moved to a managed floating exchange rate based on market supply and demand with reference to a basket of foreign currencies.

The daily trading price of the RMB I-70AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Distribution* For class A, B, C, I, JA, J and W shares Portfolio To be declared daily and payable monthly Net Asset Value Each Business Day For class AT, BT, CT, IT, LT, NT, S1D, S1D2, Calculation WT and ZT shares To be declared and payable monthly Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com Publication For class AA, BA, EA, IA and SA shares To be declared and payable monthly with a Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share distribution rate to be derived from gross Classes.

For additional information on income (before deduction of fees and share class hedging, see "How to expenses) Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk Factors -- For class SHK shares Currency Hedged Share Class Risk" in To be declared daily and payable monthly with Section II.

a distribution rate to be derived from gross income (before deduction of fees and DUR PH means Partial Duration Hedged expenses) Share Classes.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to For class AR shares Purchase Shares—Partial Duration To be declared and payable annually with a Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk distribution rate to be derived from gross Factors -- Partial Duration Hedged Share income (before deduction of fees and Class Risk" in Section II.

Denominated Share Classes and SGD Denominated Share Classes For class AK and CK shares 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each To be declared and payable bi-annually Business Day For class S1QD shares For JPY-Denominated Share Classes, To be declared and payable quarterly Currency Hedged Share Classes (except for RMB Hedged Share Classes) and See "Distributions" below.

Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on *Includes Hedged and Partial Duration Hedged each Business Day Share Classes For RMB Hedged Share Classes 1:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day Share Class Fees and Charges1 Initial Sales Contingent Deferred Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Sales Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AK Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA Shares 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% I-71AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class B and B2 Shares2** None 1.10% 0.70% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class BT Shares2** None 1.10% 0.70% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C and C2 Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class CT Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class CK Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA Shares11 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IA Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class JA Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class J Shares2 None 1.10% 0.70% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class L2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class LT Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class N2 and NT Shares Up to 3.00% 1.65% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class SHK Shares9 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.50% None None Class SA Shares7 None None None None None 0.50% None Class S1D Shares10 None Class S1D2 Shares None 0.50% None None Class W Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class WT Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class W2 Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class ZT Shares9 None None None None Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes Class AT DUR PH Shares† No longer offered 1.10% None None Class AA DUR PH Shares† No longer offered 1.10% None None Class A2 DUR PH Shares† No longer offered 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C2 DUR PH Shares† No longer offered 1.55% None thereafter 0% Class I2 DUR PH Shares8† No longer offered 0.55% None None JPY-Denominated Share Classes Class IT Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None I-72AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class AR Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% Class AT Shares 1.10% None None Class AK Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C and C2 Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.50% None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class WT Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA AUD H Shares11 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I2 AUD H and Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None IT AUD H Shares8 Class IA AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class L2 AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class LT AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class WT AUD H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Up to 5.00% Class AT EUR H Shares 1.10% None None I-73AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio Class A2 EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AK EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AR EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=1.0% Class C2 EUR H Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=1.0% Class CK EUR H Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% Class I2 EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S1QD EUR H Shares None 0.50% None None Class W2 EUR H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class WT EUR H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class AT SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% Class A2 SGD H Shares 1.10% None None Class IT SGD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class I2 SGD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class L2 SGD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class LT SGD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class WT SGD H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% Class AA CAD H Shares 1.10% None None Class IT CAD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class L2 CAD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None Class LT CAD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.90% None None GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class IT GBP H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class WT GBP H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None RMB* Hedged Share Classes Class AA RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT RMB H Shares 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% I-74AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio Class IT RMB H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class IT NZD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None CHF Hedged Share Classes Up to 5.00% Class A2 CHF H Shares 1.10% None None Class I2 CHF H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class W2 CHF H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None JPY Hedged Share Classes Class IT JPY H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AA ZAR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA ZAR H Shares11 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A2 PLN H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 PLN H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CZK H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 CZK H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer 2 After six years from the date of purchase, class B, B2, BT and J Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees as shares are eligible for conversion to class A, A2, AT and JA described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management shares, respectively, without charge from either the Fund or the Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" below.

Management Company.

For further details on the conversion of The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How to shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares— Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, 3 As a percentage of purchase price.

until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies 4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the aggregate respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also fees and expenses with respect to the following share classes of the include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial Portfolio (including any management fee and all other fees and intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and Expenses" in management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d’Abonnement but exclusive of and Expenses" in Section II.

certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the Portfolio’s 6 For class B, B2 and BT shares, as a percentage of the lesser of average Net Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to the the current Net Asset Value or original cost of the Shares being Portfolio’s share classes (and corresponding H and DUR PH shares) redeemed and based upon the duration that such Shares are as follows: A (1.50%), AT (1.50%), A2 (1.50%), AK (1.50%), AA held.

With respect to class C, C2, CK and CT shares (and (0.95%) and ZT (0.05%), the Fund may deduct from the payment to corresponding H shares), a dealer may elect to waive the be made to the Management Company, or the Management contingent deferred sales charge in certain circumstances.

Company will otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

I-75AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio 7 Class S and SA shares are reserved for institutional investors that † Class AT DUR PH, AA DUR PH, A2 DUR PH, C2 DUR PH and I2 have entered into an agreement with the Management Company and DUR PH have been retired and are no longer offered.

are being charged an investment management fee separately.

8 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share * "RMB" refers to offshore RMB ("CNH") and not onshore RMB Class Information" in Section II.

known as CNY.

9 Class SHK and ZT shares are reserved for investments by AB funds.

** Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be 10 Class S1D shares are open to new purchases from existing offered.

However, Class B shares may be made available for shareholders of this share class only.

exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation 11 After three years from the date of purchase, class EA shares (and thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or corresponding H shares) will be converted to class AA shares (and other AB fund.

corresponding H shares) without charge from either the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Convert Shares— Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of the Prospectus.

Other Share Class Features Minimum Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Offered Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** USD-Denominated Share Classes Dollar $2,000 $750 Class A and A2 Shares None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class AK Shares None 0.05% $2,000 $750 Class AT Shares Dollar None 0.05% Dollar Class AA Shares $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 $250,000 0.05% Class B and B2 Shares Class BT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 $250,000 0.05% Class C and C2 Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Shares Class CT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class CK Shares None 0.05% Class EA Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I and I2 Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class IA Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class IT Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class JA Shares Dollar 300 shares $750 None 0.05% Class J Shares Dollar 300 shares $750 None 0.05% Class L2 Shares Dollar $500,000** None None 0.05% Class LT Shares Dollar $500,000** None None 0.05% Class N2 and NT Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Shares Class S Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class SHK Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class SA Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% No longer offered to Class S1D Shares Dollar None None 0.01% new investors Class S1D2 Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class W Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class WT Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% I-76AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio Class W2 Shares USD $1 million** None None 0.05% Class ZT Shares USD $25 million** None None 0.01% Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes Class AT DUR PH Shares Dollar No longer offered No longer offered None 0.05% Class AA DUR PH Shares Dollar No longer offered No longer offered None 0.05% Class A2 DUR PH Shares Dollar No longer offered No longer offered None 0.05% Class C2 DUR PH Shares Dollar No longer offered No longer offered None 0.05% Class I2 DUR PH Shares Dollar No longer offered None None 0.05% JPY-Denominated Share Classes Class IT Shares JPY ¥100million** None None 0.05% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class AR Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class A and A2 Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AT Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AK Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C and C2 Shares Class I and I2 Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% 0.01% Class S1 Shares EUR €20 million** None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AA Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AT Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class I2 Shares HKD HK$8million** None None 0.05% Class IT Shares HKD HK$8million** None None 0.05% Class WT Shares HKD HK$8million** None None 0.05% SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AT Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class I2 Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% Class IT Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class EA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class I2 AUD H and AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% IT AUD H Shares Class IA AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% Class L2 AUD H Shares AUD A$500,000** None None 0.05% Class LT AUD H Shares AUD A$500,000** None None 0.05% Class WT AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% EUR Hedged Share Classes Class AT EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class A2 EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AK EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AA EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AR EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C2 EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class CK EUR H Shares EUR €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I2 EUR H Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% I-77AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio Class IT EUR H Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% Class W2 EUR H Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% Class WT EUR H Shares EUR €1 million** None None 0.05% SGD Hedged Share Classes Class AT SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class A2 SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class IT SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% Class I2 SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% Class L2 SGD H Shares SGD S$750,000 None None 0.05% Class LT SGD H Shares SGD S$750,000 None None 0.05% None None 0.05% Class WT SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class AA CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class IT CAD H Shares CAD C$1 million** None None 0.05% Class L2 CAD H Shares CAD C$500,000** None None 0.05% None None 0.05% Class LT CAD H Shares CAD C$500,000** GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class AA GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class IT GBP H Shares GBP £500,000** None None 0.05% Class WT GBP H Shares GBP £500,000** None None 0.05% RMB Hedged Share Classes Class AA RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% Class AT RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% Class IT RMB H Shares RMB RMB 5,000,000** None None 0.05% NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class IT NZD H Shares NZD NZ$1.5 million** None None 0.05% CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 2,000 CHF 750 None 0.05% Class I2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1 million** None None 0.05% Class W2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1 million** None None 0.05% JPY Hedged Share Classes Class IT JPY H Shares JPY ¥100 million** None None 0.05% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AA ZAR H ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Shares Class EA ZAR H ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Shares PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A2 PLN H PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 0.05% None Shares Class I2 PLN H Shares PLN PLN 4,000,000** None None 0.05% CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CZK H CZK CZK 50,000 CZK 20,000 None 0.05% Shares Class I2 CZK H CZK CZK 25,000,000** None 0.05% None Shares * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

I-78AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio Other Portfolio Information For class AT, BT, CT, IT, LT, NT, S1D, S1D2, WT and ZT shares (and corresponding H and DUR PH shares), the Principal Investment Types Management Company intends to declare and pay monthly For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments dividends equal to all or substantially all of the Portfolio's net used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other income attributable to each class of Shares.

instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors For class AK and CK shares (and corresponding H shares), should refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of the Management Company intends to declare and pay bi- the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is annually dividends equal to all or substantially all of the subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment Portfolio's net income attributable to each class of Shares.

objective and policies and the limitations contained in For class AA, EA, IA and SA shares (and corresponding H "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

and DUR PH shares), the Management Company intends to Risk Profile declare and make monthly distributions.

For class SHK It is intended that this Portfolio will make use of financial shares (and corresponding H shares), the Management derivative instruments.

The investment restrictions (9) to (13) Company intends to declare daily and make monthly set forth in Appendix A to Section II will not apply.

This distributions.

The Management Company intends to maintain Portfolio shall employ the Value-at-Risk (VaR) approach.

For a stable distribution rate per share for such share classes.

further details concerning the VaR approach, please refer to For class AR shares (and corresponding H shares), the "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial Management Company intends to declare and make annual Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and distributions.

The distribution rate is to be derived from gross Instruments and Collateral Management".

income (before deduction of fees and expenses) and distributions may also include realized and unrealized gains Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are and capital attributable to such classes of Shares.

Since fees subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions and expenses do not reduce the distribution rate, the NAV offering these securities and their market value is influenced per Share of the relevant classes will be reduced by such by changes in interest rates.

Because the Portfolio's fixed- fees and expenses.

income securities investments may be below Investment Grade quality, these risks are higher for this Portfolio than for For class S1QD shares (and corresponding H shares), the a portfolio that invests solely in Investment Grade or Management Company intends to declare and pay quarterly equivalent quality fixed-income securities.

Below Investment dividends equal to all or substantially all of the Portfolio's net Grade securities are also subject to greater risk of loss of income attributable to the class of Shares.

principal and interest and are generally less liquid and more volatile.

There can be no assurance that any distribution The Management Company also may determine if and to payments will occur and the Portfolio has no specific what extent dividends paid include realized capital gains maturity.

and/or are paid out of capital attributable to the relevant class of Shares.

To the extent the net income and net realized The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency profits attributable to these Shares exceed the amount fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in declared payable, the excess return will be reflected in the securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

Dividends may investment objective will be achieved, that invested capital be automatically reinvested at the election of the will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does For class A2, B2, C2, I2, L2, N2, S, S1 and W2 shares (and not represent a complete investment program.

corresponding H and DUR PH shares), the Management Company currently does not intend to pay dividends with For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio respect to the Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks realized profits attributable to the Shares will be reflected in applicable to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk the respective Net Asset Value of the Shares.

Factors" in Section II.

Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Profile of the Typical Investor Transfer Agent Fees The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking For all Shares (and corresponding H and DUR PH shares) the income potential of fixed-income investment.

Investors except class S, SHK, S1D, S1D2, S1QD, S1 and SA shares are encouraged to consult their independent financial (and corresponding H shares), the Management Company is advisors regarding the suitability of Shares of the Portfolio for paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the their investment needs.

aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal to Distributions 0.10% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Management For class A, B, C, I, JA, J and W shares (and corresponding Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the H shares), the Management Company intends to declare Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the daily and pay monthly dividends equal to all or substantially class S, SHK, S1D, S1D2, S1QD, S1 and SA shares (and all of the Portfolio's net income attributable to each class of corresponding H shares) equal to the lesser of $50,000 or Shares.

0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Management Company fee is waived with respect to class ZT shares to avoid duplication of fees as the Management Company fee is I-79AB FCP I—American Income Portfolio paid at the level of the AB fund that invests in class ZT shares.

The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction volume or for other reasons.

Organizational Expenses The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

Historical Performance Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio may be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

History The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on 1 July 1993.

I-80AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective Manager's team of fixed income research analysts has broad-based, multi-sector experience.

Their efforts are The investment objective of the Portfolio is to maximize current supplemented by the extensive industry expertise of the income while seeking preservation of capital.

The Investment Investment Manager's equity and international research Manager intends to manage the Portfolio to maximize current analysts.

income by taking advantage of market developments, yield disparities and variations in the creditworthiness of issuers.

In evaluating fixed income obligations, the Investment Manager will utilize its internal credit analysis resources as Description of Investment Discipline and Process well as financial and economic information obtained from The Portfolio will pursue this objective through investment other sources.

With respect to corporate issuers, the primarily in fixed-income securities of European companies Investment Manager will consider the financial condition of and governments.

The Investment Manager will invest at any the issuer and market and economic conditions relevant to time at least two-thirds (2/3) of the Portfolio's total assets in its operations.

In terms of governmental obligations, the such securities, and may invest up to one-third (1/3) of total Investment Manager will review the financial position of the assets in Euro- or European currency-denominated fixed- issuer and political and economic conditions in the relevant income securities of non-European issuers.

Investment in securities of supranational entities is Also, the Investment Manager expects that approximately 65% subject to the additional risk that member governments may of the Portfolio's total assets will be invested in Investment fail to make required capital contributions and that a Grade fixed-income securities, with approximately 35% of the supranational entity may thus be unable to meet its Portfolio's total assets invested in securities that are rated obligations.

below Investment Grade.

However, the Portfolio will be The Investment Manager will attempt to reduce the risk authorized to invest up to 50% of its total assets in below inherent in the Portfolio's investment approach through Investment Grade fixed-income securities if the Investment credit analysis, diversification and attention to current Manager deems such investments appropriate in light of developments and trends in interest rates and economic prevailing market conditions.

and political situations in European countries.

When implementing the investment strategy, the Portfolio Other Investment Policies seeks preservation of capital but may benefit from capital The Portfolio may seek to hedge against securities market appreciation.

and currency fluctuations through the use of listed futures In addition, the Investment Manager expects that 100% of the and options, and OTC derivative instruments, including Portfolio's total assets will be invested in securities swaps, options and currency transactions.

Investing in the denominated in European currencies, with at least 65% of such fixed-income securities of European companies and securities denominated in Euros.

A "European company" is a sovereigns and the other securities in which the Portfolio company that has its registered office in Europe or that carries may invest involve special considerations and risks.

out a preponderant part of its economic activities in Europe.

In accordance with the transparency requirements of the European countries comprise Western, Central and Eastern SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, Europe (both EU and non-EU members), as well as Turkey.

the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net Investments will be made in securities listed on regulated assets that will be subject to securities financing markets, which are generally recognized, operational and open transactions (i.e.

securities lending transactions as well as to the public in Western, Central and Eastern Europe (including repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase both EU and non-EU members), as well as Turkey.

agreements) ("SFTs") and total return swaps and/or other financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics The Portfolio has no limitation as to the amount of its total ("TRS"); being specified that in certain circumstances this assets that may be invested in a single country or a single proportion may be higher.

The Portfolio may invest up to 25% of its total assets in newly developing markets that are not Investment Grade Type of Expected Range Maximum rated.

The Portfolio also may invest up to 10% of its total Transactions assets in securities not quoted or in the process of being quoted.

TRS 0%-10% 25% The Investment Manager believes that the continued pace of Repurchase 0%-5% 10% economic integration and political change in Europe creates agreements and the potential for many attractive investment opportunities for reverse repurchase the Fund.

As protectionism is reduced coincident with the entry agreements of various European countries into the EU, many companies Securities lending N/A N/A will seek to raise capital in the international capital markets in transactions the form of debt issuance, particularly in Euro-denominated debt.

The Portfolio seeks to take advantage of the Investment For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer Manager's fixed income research capabilities.

The Investment to "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial I-81AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments of mainland China with approved banks in the Hong Kong and Collateral Management."

The RMB H shares will have no requirement to remit CNH to onshore RMB (CNY).

Currency Hedged Share Classes One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a Leverage.

The Investment Manager does not expect to particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be utilize bank borrowing in implementing the Portfolio’s hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class will investment strategy.

The expected level of leverage of the constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency Portfolio is estimated to be in the 0% to 100% range of its Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return more Net Asset Value.

The expected level of leverage is closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by calculated as the sum of the notionals of the financial reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the derivative instruments held by the Portfolio.

Pursuant to the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Euro) and the relevant Offered CSSF Circular 11/512 dated 30 May 2011, this calculation Currency, taking into account practical considerations such as methodology neither takes into account the fact that a transaction costs.

The hedging strategy employed is designed particular financial derivative instrument increases or to reduce, but may not eliminate, currency exposure between decreases the Portfolio’s investment risks nor permits to net the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

financial derivative instruments with reverse positions.

Shareholders should be aware that (i) a higher level of Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the investment expected leverage does not automatically imply a higher management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only level of investment risk and (ii) the expected level of the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency Hedged Share leverage disclosed above is mainly generated by the use of Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying assets, which is hedged derivatives for hedging purposes or for efficient portfolio to the Offered Currency.

Expenses incurred as a result of such management.

In addition, the actual leverage of the hedging activity will be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Portfolio may deviate from the above mentioned expected Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

For additional information on share class hedging, see "How to Risk Measurement.

The Investment Manager will utilize a Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged Share Classes" in Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to monitor the global Section II.

exposure (market risk) for the Portfolio.

The global exposure of the Portfolio is measured by the absolute VaR Risk Factors linked to RMB Hedged Share Classes.

Since methodology pursuant to which the VaR of the Portfolio 2005, the RMB exchange rate is no longer pegged to the U.S. may not exceed 20% of its Net Asset Value.

RMB has now moved to a managed floating exchange Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the Bloomberg rate based on market supply and demand with reference to a Euro Aggregate Index.

The Portfolio uses the benchmark basket of foreign currencies.

The daily trading price of the RMB for performance comparison.

The Portfolio is actively against other major currencies in the inter-bank foreign managed and the Investment Manager is not constrained exchange market is allowed to float within a narrow band by its benchmark when implementing the Portfolio’s around the central parity published by the People’s Bank of investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may hold, in China.

RMB convertibility from offshore RMB (CNH) to certain market conditions and subject to the Investment onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency process subject to Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of the foreign exchange control policies of and repatriation restrictions components of the benchmark, it will not hold every imposed by the Chinese government in coordination with the component of the benchmark and may also hold securities Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA).

The value of CNH that are not part of it.

could differ, perhaps significantly, from that of CNY due to a number of factors including without limitation those foreign Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG exchange control policies and repatriation restrictions pursued considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and by the Chinese government from time-to-time as well as other details can be found at external market forces.

Since 2005, foreign exchange control policies pursued by the The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental Chinese government have resulted in the general appreciation and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix of RMB (both CNH and CNY).

This appreciation may or may E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more not continue and there can be no assurance that RMB will not information).

be subject to devaluation at some point.

Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect the value of investors’ investments in the RMB H shares.

The RMB H shares participate in the offshore RMB (CNH) market, which allows investors to freely transact CNH outside I-82AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the Euro Distributions* For class A, B, C, and I shares Portfolio To be declared daily and payable monthly Net Asset Value Each Business Day For class AT, CT, IT, NT, S1D and WT Calculation shares To be declared and payable monthly Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com Publication For class AA, IA, SA and WA shares To be declared and payable monthly with Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share Classes.

a distribution rate to be derived from gross For additional information on share class income (before deduction of fees and hedging, see "How to Purchase Shares— expenses) Currency Hedged Share Classes" and "Risk Factors -- Currency Hedged Share Class Risk" For class SHK shares in Section II.

To be declared daily and payable monthly with a distribution rate to be derived from gross income (before deduction of fees Order Cut-Off Times For Euro-Denominated Share Classes and and expenses) USD-Denominated Share Classes 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each For class A2, B2, C2, I2, S, S1 and W2 Business Day shares None.

For Currency Hedged Share Classes (except RMB Hedged Share Classes) For class AK and CK shares 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each To be declared and payable bi-annually Business Day For class AR shares For RMB Hedged Share Classes To be declared and payable annually with 1:00 P.M. Central European Time on each a distribution rate to be derived from gross Business Day income (before deduction of fees and expenses) See "Distributions" below.

*Includes Hedged Share Classes Share Class Fees and Charges1 Contingent Deferred Sales Initial Sales Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Charge6 Euro-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AK Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% Class AR Shares 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% Class B2 Shares2** None 1.10% 0.70% 1–2 yrs=2.0% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% I-83AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio 0–1 year Class C and C2 Shares None 1.55% None held=1.0% thereafter 0% 0–1 year Class CT Shares None 1.55% None held=1.0% thereafter 0% 0–1 year Class CK Shares None 1.55% None held=1.0% thereafter 0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IA Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class SHK Shares9 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.50% None None Class S1D Shares None 0.50% None None Class W2 Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class WA Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class WT Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% Class B and B2 Shares2** None 1.10% 0.70% 1–2 yrs=2.0% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0–1 year Class C and C2 Shares None 1.55% None held=1.0% thereafter 0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.50% None None USD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 USD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT USD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA USD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year Class C2 USD H Shares None 1.55% None held=1.0% thereafter 0% 0–1 year Class CT USD H Shares None 1.55% None held=1.0% thereafter 0% Class I2 USD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT USD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IA USD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class NT USD H Shares Up to 3.00% 1.65% None None I-84AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio Class S1 USD H Shares None 0.50% None None Class SA USD H Shares7 None None None None Class W2 USD H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class WA USD H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None Class WT USD H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class IT SGD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IA SGD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class WT SGD H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None HKD Hedged Share Classes Class AA HKD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class IA HKD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class WA HKD H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None RMB* Hedged Share Classes Class AA RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 CHF H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class W2 CHF H Shares8 None Up to 0.55% None None PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A2 PLN H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 PLN H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CZK H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 CZK H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None GBP Hedged Share Classes Up to 5.00% Class AT GBP H Shares 1.10% None None I-85AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer 4.

As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the Portfolio, fees With respect to certain share classes, the management fee may as described under "Other Portfolio Information—Management also include a component that is paid to distributors or other Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees" financial intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on below.

The Portfolio also bears all of its other expenses.

See "How the management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees to Purchase Shares" and "Additional Information—Fees and and Expenses" in Section II.

Expenses" in Section II.

The Management Company has voluntarily 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

undertaken, until the Management Company on behalf of the Fund 6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or notifies Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the aggregate fees and expenses with respect to the following share duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be classes of the Portfolio (including any management fee and all other purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer fees and expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees and such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in CDSC Expenses" in Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe d'Abonnement Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

With but exclusive of certain other taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and respect to class C, C2, CK and CT shares (and corresponding H interest on borrowings) exceed the following percentages of the shares), a dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred sales Portfolio's average Net Asset Value for the fiscal year attributable to charge in certain circumstances.

WT (0.86%), the Fund may deduct from the payment to be made to 9 Class SHK shares are reserved for investments by AB funds.

the Management Company, or the Management Company will otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

* "RMB" refers to offshore RMB ("CNH") and not onshore RMB 2 After six years from the date of purchase, class B and B2 shares known as CNY.

are eligible for conversion to class A and A2 shares, respectively, ** Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be without charge from either the Fund or the Management Company.

However, Class B shares may be made available for For further details on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation to Exchange or Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or other Section II of the Prospectus.

3 As a percentage of purchase price.

Other Share Class Features Minimum Offered Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d’Abonnement*** Euro-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Shares Euro €2,000 €750 Class AT Shares None 0.05% Class AK Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AA Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AR Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Euro €2,000 €750 €250,000 Class B2 Shares 0.05% Class C and C2 Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Shares Euro €2,000 €750 Class CT Shares None 0.05% Class CK Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I and I2 Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class IT Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class IA Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Euro €20 million** Class S Shares None None 0.01% Class SHK Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% Euro €20 million** Class S1 Shares None None 0.01% I-86AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio Class S1D Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% Class W2 Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class WA Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class WT Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Shares Class AT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class B and B2 Dollar $2,000 $750 $250,000 0.05% Shares Class C and C2 Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Shares Class I and I2 Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d'Abonnement*** AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class I2 AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% Class IT AUD H Shares AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% USD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class AT USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class AA USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class C2 USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class CT USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I2 USD H Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class IT USD H Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class IA USD H Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class NT USD H Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class S1 USD H Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class SA USD H Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class W2 USD H Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class WA USD H Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class WT USD H Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AT SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class IT SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% Class IA SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% Class WT SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% HKD Hedged Share Classes Class AA HKD H Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class IA HKD H Shares HKD HK$8 million** None None 0.05% Class WA HKD H Shares HKD HK$8 million** None None 0.05% RMB Hedged Share Classes Class AA RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 2,000 CHF 750 None 0.05% Class I2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1 million** None None 0.05% Class W2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1 million** None None 0.05% I-87AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% PLN Hedged Share Classe Class A2 PLN H Shares PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 None 0.05% Class I2 PLN H Shares PLN PLN 4,000,000** None None 0.05% CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CZK H Shares CZK CZK 50,000 CZK 20,000 None 0.05% Class I2 CZK H Shares CZK CZK 25,000,000** None None 0.05% * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

I-88AB FCP I—European Income Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types corresponding H shares), the Management Company intends For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments to declare daily and make monthly distributions.

The used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other Management Company intends to maintain a stable instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors distribution rate per share for such share classes.

For class should refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of AR shares (and corresponding H shares), the Management the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is Company intends to declare and make annual distributions.

subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment The distribution rate is to be derived from gross income objective and policies and the limitations contained in (before deduction of fees and expenses) and distributions "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

may also include realized and unrealized gains and capital attributable to such classes of Shares.

Since fees and Risk Profile expenses do not reduce the distribution rate, the NAV per Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are Share of the relevant classes will be reduced by such fees subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions and expenses.

offering these securities and their market value is influenced The Management Company also may determine if and to by changes in interest rates.

Because the Portfolio's fixed- what extent dividends paid include realized capital gains income securities investments may be below Investment and/or are paid out of capital attributable to the relevant class Grade quality, these risks are higher for this Portfolio than for of Shares.

To the extent the net income and net realized a portfolio that invests solely in Investment Grade or profits attributable to these Shares exceed the amount equivalent quality fixed-income securities.

Below Investment declared payable, the excess return will be reflected in the Grade securities are also subject to greater risk of loss of respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

Dividends may principal and interest and are generally less liquid and more be automatically reinvested at the election of the volatile.

There can be no assurance that any distribution Shareholder.

payments will occur and the Portfolio has no specific maturity.

For class A2, B2, C2, I2, S, S1 and W2 shares (and corresponding H shares), the Management Company The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency currently does not intend to pay dividends with respect to the fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net realized profits securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the attributable to the Shares will be reflected in the respective investment objective will be achieved, that invested capital Net Asset Value of the Shares.

will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and quarterly or annual basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does Transfer Agent Fees not represent a complete investment program.

For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class S, For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio SHK, S1, S1D and SA shares (and corresponding H shares), and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks the Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the applicable to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value Factors" in Section II.

attributable to the Shares equal to 0.10% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid an Profile of the Typical Investor annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking Net Asset Value attributable to the class S, SHK, S1, S1D the income potential of fixed-income investment.

Investors and SA shares (and corresponding H shares) equal to the are encouraged to consult their independent financial lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

advisors regarding the suitability of Shares of the Portfolio for The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee their investment needs.

for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in Distributions accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall For class A, B, C and I shares, the Management Company not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the intends to declare daily and pay monthly dividends equal to prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer all or substantially all of the Portfolio's net income attributable Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase to each class of Shares.

For class AT, CT, IT, NT, S1D and depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction WT shares (and corresponding H shares), the Management volume or for other reasons.

Company intends to declare and pay monthly dividends Organizational Expenses equal to all or substantially all of the Portfolio's net income The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

attributable to each class of Shares.

Historical Performance For class AK and CK shares, the Management Company intends to declare and pay bi-annually dividends equal to all Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio may or substantially all of the Portfolio's net income attributable to be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

each class of Shares.

History For class AA, IA, SA and WA shares (and corresponding H The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on 26 shares), the Management Company intends to declare and February 1999. make monthly distributions.

For class SHK shares (and I-89AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective following purposes: (i) as an alternative to investing directly The Portfolio's investment objective is to maximize total returns in the underlying investments, (ii) to manage duration, (iii) to from price appreciation and income.

hedge against interest rate, credit and currency fluctuations, and (iii) for efficient portfolio management purposes.

With Investment Discipline and Processes respect to CDS, the Portfolio may both "sell" protection in General.

The Investment Manager believes inefficiencies in order to gain exposure and "buy" protection to hedge credit the global debt markets arise from investor emotion, market exposure.

complexity and conflicting investment agendas.

The Investment Manager combines quantitative forecasts with In accordance with the transparency requirements of the fundamental credit and economic research in seeking to exploit SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, these inefficiencies.

the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net assets that will be subject to securities financing Investment Strategy.

AB’s Emerging Market Debt Strategy transactions (i.e.

securities lending transactions as well as seeks to generate returns in excess of the benchmark through repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase a combination of country selection, currency allocation, sector agreements) ("SFTs") and total return swaps and/or other analysis and security selection.

financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics ("TRS"); being specified that in certain circumstances this The Portfolio’s investments in sovereign debt obligations and proportion may be higher.

non-U.S. corporate fixed-income securities emphasize countries that are included in the J.P. Morgan Emerging Type of Expected Range Maximum Markets Bond Index Global or are considered at the time of Transactions purchase to be emerging markets or developing countries.

The Portfolio invests at least two-thirds of its total assets in TRS 0%-10% 25% sovereign and quasi-sovereign (i.e.

debt issued by Repurchase 0%-5% 10% supranational organizations and other government-related agreements and entities) debt obligations.

reverse repurchase The Portfolio is non-diversified, meaning it may invest more of agreements its assets in a fewer number of issuers.

Securities lending N/A N/A Investment Policies transactions The Investment Manager expects that at any time at least 80% of the Portfolio's total assets will be invested in emerging For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer market debt securities, and in no case will the amount of the to "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial Portfolio's total assets invested in such securities be less than Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and two-thirds of the Portfolio's total assets.

Emerging market Instruments and Collateral Management."

countries are those not characterized as high income countries by the World Bank, based on per capita gross national income Leverage.

The Investment Manager does not expect to (to obtain the World Bank’s list of such countries, please go to: utilize bank borrowing in implementing the Portfolio’s http://siteresources.worldbank.org/DATASTATISTICS/Resourc investment strategy.

The expected level of leverage of the es/CLASS.XLS).

Furthermore, the Portfolio will invest no more Portfolio is estimated to be in the 0% to 100% range of its than 25% of its total assets in convertible bonds, no more than Net Asset Value.

The expected level of leverage is 30% of its total assets in money market instruments and no calculated as the sum of the notionals of the financial more than 10% of its total assets in equity securities.

Fixed- derivative instruments held by the Portfolio.

Pursuant to the income securities and other assets, including cash, which the CSSF Circular 11/512 dated 30 May 2011, this calculation Portfolio may hold, may be denominated in various currencies.

methodology neither takes into account the fact that a The Portfolio may invest in structured securities (both particular financial derivative instrument increases or Investment Grade and non-Investment Grade) originated by a decreases the Portfolio’s investment risks nor permits to net wide range of originators and sponsors.

financial derivative instruments with reverse positions.

Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio Shareholders should be aware that (i) a higher level of Management Techniques.

The Investment Manager may use expected leverage does not automatically imply a higher a wide array of derivative products and strategies when level of investment risk and (ii) the expected level of implementing the Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Such leverage disclosed above is mainly generated by the use of financial derivative instruments may include, but are not limited derivatives for hedging purposes or for efficient portfolio to, swaps (including interest rate swaps ("IRS"), total rate of management.

In addition, the actual leverage of the return swaps ("TRS") and credit default swaps ("CDS")), Portfolio may deviate from the above mentioned expected swaptions, options, futures and currency transactions level of leverage.

(including forward currency contracts).

These financial Risk Measurement.

The Investment Manager will utilize a derivative instruments (including OTC derivatives and Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to monitor the global exchange-traded financial derivative instruments) and efficient exposure (market risk) for the Portfolio.

The global portfolio management techniques may be employed for the I-90AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio exposure of the Portfolio is measured by the absolute VaR Other Investment Policies methodology pursuant to which the VaR of the Portfolio may Lack of Liquidity.

The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of not exceed 20% of its Net Asset Value.

its net assets in securities which have a lack of liquidity.

VaR approach takes into account the current value of the See paragraph (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix underlying assets, the counterparty risk, foreseeable market A to Section II.

The Portfolio may not be readily able to sell movements and the time available to liquidate the positions in such securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual the Portfolio to give an estimate of the level of potential loss on restrictions on resale of securities.

In addition, other types a portfolio.

of securities are subject to this 10% restriction.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the JPMorgan EMBI Defensive Position – Holding Cash or Cash Global Diversified Index.

The Portfolio uses the benchmark for Equivalents.

The Portfolio may, as a temporary defensive performance comparison.

The Portfolio is actively managed measure or to provide for redemptions or in anticipation of and the Investment Manager is not constrained by its investment in various international markets, hold cash or benchmark when implementing the Portfolio’s investment cash equivalents (in Dollars or other currencies) and short- strategy.

Although the Portfolio may hold, in certain market term fixed-income securities, including money market conditions and subject to the Investment Manager’s full securities.

discretion, a significant part of the components of the Fixed-income securities and other assets, including cash, benchmark, it will not hold every component of the benchmark which the Portfolio may hold, may be denominated in and may also hold securities that are not part of it.

Structured Investments.

The Portfolio may invest in Currency Hedged Share Classes structured securities (both Investment Grade and non- One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a Investment Grade) originated by a wide range of originators particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be and sponsors.

Structured securities may include non-agency hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class (i.e.

privately issued) mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") and will constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency adjustable-rate mortgage securities ("ARMS") and Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMOs"), as well as other more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency asset-backed securities ("ABS"), commercial mortgage-backed return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations securities ("CMBS") and collateralized debt obligations between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the ("CDOs") and related financial derivative instruments and relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical currencies.

considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging Credit Quality.

The Portfolio’s assets may be invested both in strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not Investment Grade and below investment grade securities, eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base which may include securities having the lowest rating for non- currency and the Offered Currency.

subordinated debt instruments and unrated securities of equivalent investment quality.

The Investment Manager Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the currently expects that a significant portion of the Portfolio, investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets which may at any time exceed 50% of total assets, may be since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency invested in non-Investment Grade securities.

Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

Maturity and Duration.

The Investment Manager expects that Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will the weighted average maturity of the Portfolio’s investments be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to will normally range between nine and 30 years.

which such expenses are incurred.

Country Concentration.

The Portfolio may invest up to 30% Risk Factors linked to RMB Hedged Share Classes.

of its net assets in a single country.

Since 2005, the RMB exchange rate is no longer pegged to Currency Management.

The Portfolio generally invests in the U.S. dollar.

RMB has now moved to a managed floating Dollar-denominated sovereign debt obligations and U.S. and exchange rate based on market supply and demand with non-U.S. corporate fixed-income securities.

The Investment reference to a basket of foreign currencies.

The daily Manager may adjust the Portfolio’s currency exposures and/or trading price of the RMB against other major currencies in invest in any currency based on the anticipated risk/return the inter-bank foreign exchange market is allowed to float profile of such currencies as indicated by the Investment within a narrow band around the central parity published by Manager's research.

The Portfolio may invest in non-U.S. the People’s Bank of China.

RMB convertibility from Dollar-denominated fixed-income securities; however, the offshore RMB (CNH) to onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed Investment Manager intends to limit the Portfolio's currency currency process subject to foreign exchange control exposure to (i) 5% in any single non-U.S. Dollar currency and policies of and repatriation restrictions imposed by the (ii) 20% in aggregate non-US Dollar currency.

Chinese government in coordination with the Hong Kong Monetary Authority (HKMA).

The value of CNH could differ, Pooled Vehicles.

The Portfolio may also invest up to 10% of perhaps significantly, from that of CNY due to a number of its net assets in pooled vehicles sponsored by the Investment factors including without limitation those foreign exchange Manager to both more efficiently manage its assets and to gain control policies and repatriation restrictions pursued by the exposure to certain asset classes.

I-91AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Chinese government from time-to-time as well as other of mainland China with approved banks in the Hong Kong external market forces.

The RMB H shares will have no requirement to remit CNH to onshore RMB (CNY).

Since 2005, foreign exchange control policies pursued by the Chinese government have resulted in the general appreciation Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG of RMB (both CNH and CNY).

This appreciation may or may considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and not continue and there can be no assurance that RMB will not details can be found at be subject to devaluation at some point.

Any devaluation of http://www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChar RMB could adversely affect the value of investors’ investments t. in the RMB H shares.

The Portfolio integrates sustainability risks into its investment decisions (see "SFDR Pre-Contractual The RMB H shares participate in the offshore RMB (CNH) Disclosures" for more information).

market, which allows investors to freely transact CNH outside I-92AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Distributions* For class A, C and I shares Portfolio To be declared daily and payable monthly Each Business Day Net Asset Value For class AT, BT, CT, IT, NT and ZT shares Calculation Available at www.alliancebernstein.com To be declared and payable monthly Net Asset Value H means Currency Hedged Share For class AA, EA and SA shares Publication Classes.

For additional information on To be declared and payable monthly with a share class hedging, see "How to distribution rate to be derived from gross income Class Names Purchase Shares—Currency Hedged (before deduction of fees and expenses) Share Classes", and "Risk Factors - Currency Hedged Share Class Risk" in For class AI and EI shares Section II.

To be declared and payable monthly with a distribution rate to be derived from gross income (before deduction of fees and expenses) and from capital (potentially to a significant extent) For class S1QD shares To be declared and payable quarterly For class AR shares Order Cut-Off Times For USD-Denominated, EUR- To be declared and payable annually with a Denominated Share Classes, HKD- distribution rate to be derived from gross income Denominated Share Classes and PLN- (before deduction of fees and expenses) Denominated Share Classes 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each For class A2, C2, I2, N2, S, S1 and S1 2 shares Business Day None.

For Currency Hedged Share Classes See "Distributions" below.

(except RMB Hedged Share Classes) 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on *Includes Hedged Share Classes each Business Day For RMB Hedged Share Classes 1:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day Share Class Fees and Charges1 Contingent Deferred Sales Initial Sales Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AI Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class BT Shares2** None 1.10% 1.00% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0-1 year held=1.0% Class C and C2 Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% 0-1 year held=1.0% Class CT Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% I-93AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA Shares9 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EI Shares9 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class N2 and NT Shares Up to 3.00% 1.65% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 2 Shares None 0.55% None None Class SA Shares7 None None None None Class ZT Shares10 None None None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class AR Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 1.10% Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0-1 year held=1.0% Class C and C2 Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% Class I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S1 2 Shares None 0.55% None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 and AA Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None PLN-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% Class AT EUR H Shares 1.10% None None Class AA EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0-1 year held=1.0% Class C2 EUR H Shares None 1.55% None thereafter 0% Class I2 EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S EUR H Shares7 None None None None Class S1 EUR H Shares None 0.55% None None Class S1QD EUR H None 0.55% None None Shares I-94AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class S GBP H Shares7 None None None None Class S1 GBP H Shares None 0.55% None None AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AI AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA AUD H Shares9 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EI AUD H Shares9 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I2 AUD H and IT AUD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Up to 5.00% Class AA SGD H Shares 1.10% None None Class IT SGD H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None RMB* Hedged Share Classes Class AA RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT RMB H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 CHF H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None CAD Hedged Share Classes Up to 5.00% Class AT CAD H Shares 1.10% None None Class AA CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None ZAR Hedged Share Classes I-95AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Class AA ZAR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA ZAR H Shares9 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CZK H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A2 PLN H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees Transfer Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the and Expenses" in Section II.

Portfolio, fees as described under "Other Portfolio Information— 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer 6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or Agent Fees" below.

The Portfolio also bears all of its other original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the expenses.

See "How to Purchase Shares" and "Additional duration that such Shares are held.

CDSC Shares may only be Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II.

The purchased through a dealer authorized by the Distributor to offer Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, until the such shares.

Those investors considering an investment in Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies CDSC Shares should speak with their financial advisor for details.

Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the With respect to class C, C2 and CT shares (and corresponding H aggregate fees and expenses with respect to the following share shares), a dealer may elect to waive the contingent deferred sales classes of the Portfolio (including any management fee and all charge in certain circumstances.

other fees and expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees 7 Class S and SA shares are reserved for institutional investors that and Expenses" in Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe have entered into an agreement with the Management Company d'Abonnement but exclusive of certain other taxes, brokerage (if and are being charged an investment management fee applicable) and interest on borrowings) exceed the following separately.

percentages of the Portfolio's average Net Asset Value for the 8 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share fiscal year attributable to the Portfolio's share classes (and Class Information" in Section II.

For further (0.15%), S1 (0.70%), S1 2 (0.70%), S1QD (0.70%), SA (0.15%) details on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to and ZT (0.05%), the Fund may deduct from the payment to be Exchange or Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in made to the Management Company, or the Management Section II of the Prospectus.

Company will otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

10 Class ZT shares are reserved for investments by AB funds.

2 After four years from the date of purchase, class BT shares are eligible for conversion to class AT shares, without charge from * "RMB" refers to offshore RMB ("CNH") and not onshore RMB either the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details known as CNY.

on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or ** Effective 15 December 2016, Class B shares will no longer be Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of offered.

However, Class B shares may be made available for the Prospectus.

exchange to shareholders holding Class B shares (or a variation 3 As a percentage of purchase price.

thereof including hedged share classes) in another Portfolio or 4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With other AB fund.

respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the Other Share Class Features Minimum Offered Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d’Abonnement*** USD-Denominated Share Classes Dollar $2,000 $750 Class A and A2 Shares None 0.05% Class AT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class AA Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class AI Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% I-96AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Class BT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 $250,000 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 Class C and C2 Shares None 0.05% $2,000 $750 Class CT Shares Dollar None 0.05% Class EA Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class EI Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% $1 million** Class I and I2 Shares Dollar None None 0.05% Class N2 and NT Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Shares Class S Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 2 Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% $25 million** None None 0.01% Class SA Shares Dollar Class ZT Shares Dollar $50 million** None None 0.01% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class AR Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class A and A2 Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AT Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C and C2 Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I2 Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 2 Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 and AA HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 Class AT Shares None 0.05% PLN-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 None 0.05% Minimum Hedged Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum Luxembourg Taxe Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** d’Abonnement*** EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AT EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class AA EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class C2 EUR H Shares Euro €2,000 €750 None 0.05% Class I2 EUR H Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class IT EUR H Shares Euro €1 million** None None 0.05% Class S EUR H Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 EUR H Shares Euro €20 million** None None 0.01% Class S1QD EUR H Euro €25 million** None None 0.01% Shares GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class AA GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class S GBP H Shares GBP £15 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 GBP H Shares GBP £15 million** None None 0.01% AUD Hedged Share Classes I-97AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Class AT AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AI AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class EA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class EI AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class I2 AUD H and AUD A$1 million** None None 0.05% IT AUD H Shares SGD Hedged Share Classes Class A2 SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AT SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class IT SGD H Shares SGD S$1.5 million** None None 0.05% RMB Hedged Share Classes Class AA RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% Class AT RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 2,000 CHF 750 None 0.05% Class I2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1 million** None None 0.05% NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class AA CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AA ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Class EA ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% CZK Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CZK H Shares CZK CZK 50,000 CZK 20,000 None 0.05% PLN Hedged Share Classes Class A2 PLN H Shares PLN PLN 7,500 PLN 3,000 None 0.05% * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

I-98AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Type For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments Distributions used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other For class A, C and I shares (and corresponding H shares), instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors should the Management Company intends to declare daily and pay refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of the monthly dividends equal to all or substantially all of the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is subject to Portfolio's net income attributable to each class of Shares.

the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment objective and policies and the limitations contained in "Investment For class AT, BT, CT, IT, NT and ZT shares (and Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

corresponding H shares), the Management Company intends to declare and pay monthly dividends equal to all or Risk Profile substantially all of the Portfolio's net income attributable to It is intended that this Portfolio will make use of financial each class of Shares.

The investment restrictions (9) to (13) For class AA, EA and SA shares (and corresponding H set forth in Appendix A to Section II will not apply.

This Portfolio shares), the Management Company intends to declare and shall employ instead the Value-at-Risk (VaR) approach.

For make monthly distributions.

The Management Company further details concerning the VaR approach, please refer to intends to maintain a stable distribution rate per share for "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial such share classes.

For class AR shares, the Management Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments Company intends to declare and make annual distributions.

and Collateral Management".

The distribution rate is to be derived from gross income Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are (before deduction of fees and expenses) and distributions subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions may also include realized and unrealized gains and capital offering these securities and their market value is influenced by attributable to such classes of Shares.

Since fees and changes in interest rates.

Because the Portfolio's fixed-income expenses do not reduce the distribution rate, the NAV per securities investments may be below Investment Grade quality, Share of the relevant classes will be reduced by such fees these risks are higher for this Portfolio than for a portfolio that and expenses.

invests solely in Investment Grade or equivalent quality fixed- income securities.

Below Investment Grade securities are also The Management Company also may determine if and to subject to greater risk of loss of principal and interest and are what extent dividends paid include realized capital gains generally less liquid and more volatile.

There can be no and/or are paid out of capital, attributable to the relevant assurance that any distribution payments will occur and the class of Shares.

To the extent the net income and net Portfolio has no specific maturity.

realized profits attributable to these Shares exceed the amount declared payable, the excess return will be The Portfolio will invest in securities of issuers situated in reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

emerging markets and it may consequently experience greater Dividends may be automatically reinvested at the election price volatility and significantly lesser liquidity than a portfolio of the Shareholder.

invested solely in equity securities or issuers located in more developed countries.

Such securities are also subject to higher For class AI and EI shares (and corresponding H shares), risks of political or economic instability; fluctuations in the Management Company intends to declare and make exchange rates, differing legal and accounting systems, monthly distributions.

The Management Company intends national policies limiting investment opportunities, and higher to maintain a stable distribution rate per share for such investment costs.

share classes.

Distributions may come from gross income (before reduction for fees and expenses), realized and The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency unrealized gains and, potentially to a significant extent from fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in securities.

capital attributable to the relevant class.

Distributions in Therefore, no assurance can be given that the investment excess of net income (gross income less fees and objective will be achieved, that invested capital will be expenses) may represent a return of the investor’s original preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

Investment investment amount and as such, may result in a decrease results may vary substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual in the Net Asset Value per share for the relevant class.

If basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does not represent a the Net Asset Value per share falls below, respectively USD complete investment program.

1 and AUD 1, the Management Company will contemplate For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio and at its full discretion, either (i) the restructuring of the Share a more detailed discussion of these and other risks applicable Class including through the merger with a Share Class with to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk Factors" in similar features or (ii) the liquidation of the Share Class.

Section II.

Distributions may be automatically reinvested at the election of the Shareholder.

Profile of the Typical Investor The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking the For class A2, C2, I2, N2, S, S1 and S1 2 shares (and income potential of fixed-income investment.

Investors are corresponding H shares), the Management Company encouraged to consult their independent financial advisors currently does not intend to pay dividends with respect to regarding the suitability of Shares of the Portfolio for their the Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net realized investment needs.

I-99AB FCP I—Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio profits attributable to the Shares will be reflected in the Organizational Expenses respective Net Asset Value of the Shares.

The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

For class S1QD shares (and corresponding H shares), the Historical Performance Board intends to declare and pay quarterly dividends equal to Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio, all or substantially all of the Portfolio's net income attributable once available, may be found at to the class of Shares.

Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and History Transfer Agent Fees The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund on For all Shares (and corresponding H shares) except class S, 22 March 2006.

S1, SA, S1 2 and S1QD shares (and corresponding H shares), the Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal to 0.05% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the class S, S1, SA, S1 2 and S1QD shares (and corresponding H shares) equal to the lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Management Company fee is waived with respect to class ZT shares to avoid duplication of fees as the Management Company fee is paid at the level of the AB fund that invests in class ZT shares.

The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction volume or for other reasons.

I-100AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio Investment Objective and Policies Investment Objective may be employed for the following purposes: (i) as an alternative to investing directly in the underlying The investment objective of the Portfolio is to achieve a high investments, (ii) to manage duration; (iii) to hedge against risk-adjusted total return.

interest rate, credit and currency fluctuations and (iv) for efficient portfolio management purposes.

With respect to Investment Policies CDS, the Portfolio may both "sell" protection in order to gain exposure and "buy" protection to hedge credit exposure.

The Portfolio seeks to achieve its objective by investing in mortgage-related securities and other asset-backed securities.

In accordance with the transparency requirements of the The Portfolio may invest in securities of both Investment Grade SFT Regulation the chart below reflects, where applicable, and non-Investment Grade quality originated by a wide array of the expected and maximum level of the Portfolio’s net originators and sponsors.

The Portfolio's investments may assets that will be subject to securities financing include fixed and floating rate securities, including agency transactions (i.e.

securities lending transactions as well as mortgage-backed securities and non-agency (i.e., privately repurchase agreements and reverse repurchase issued) mortgage-backed securities ("MBS") as well as other agreements) ("SFTs") and total return swaps and/or other asset-backed securities ("ABS"), commercial mortgage-backed financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics securities ("CMBS"), and collateralized debt obligations ("TRS"); being specified that in certain circumstances this ("CDOs") and related financial derivative instruments and proportion may be higher.

The Portfolio will have at least two-thirds of its total assets invested in mortgage-related securities.

Type of Expected Range Maximum Transactions Credit Quality.

The Portfolio’s assets may be invested in TRS 0%-10% 25% Investment Grade, below-Investment Grade securities and unrated securities of investment quality determined by the Repurchase 0%-5% 10% Investment Manager.

However, it is anticipated that under agreements and normal market conditions no more than 50% of the Portfolio’s reverse repurchase net assets will be invested in below-Investment Grade agreements securities at time of purchase.

"Investment Grade" means Securities lending N/A N/A fixed-income securities rated Baa (including Baa1, Baa2 and transactions Baa3) or higher by Moody's or BBB (including BBB+ and BBB-) or higher by S&P.

For further details concerning SFTs and TRS, please refer If a security is unrated, the Investment Manager will apply, in to "Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial its discretion, a credit rating it deems appropriate.

For split Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and credit ratings, the lower rating shall apply.

Instruments and Collateral Management."

In managing the Portfolio's investments, under normal market conditions, the Investment Manager seeks to Leverage.

The Investment Manager does not expect to construct an investment portfolio with a weighted average utilize bank borrowing in implementing the Portfolio’s effective duration of no more than eight years.

investment strategy.

The expected level of leverage of the Portfolio is estimated to be in the 0% to 100% range of its Currency Management.

The Investment Manager expects, Net Asset Value.

The expected level of leverage is under normal circumstances, to hedge non-USD investments calculated as the sum of the notionals of the financial and other exposures, including derivatives exposures, such derivative instruments held by the Portfolio.

Pursuant to the that the Portfolio’s net non-USD currency exposure will not CSSF Circular 11/512 dated 30 May 2011, this calculation exceed 5% of its net assets.

methodology neither takes into account the fact that a particular financial derivative instrument increases or Financial Derivative Instruments/Efficient Portfolio decreases the Portfolio’s investment risks nor permits to net Management Techniques.

The Investment Manager may use financial derivative instruments with reverse positions.

a wide array of derivative products and strategies when Shareholders should be aware that (i) a higher level of implementing the Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Such expected leverage does not automatically imply a higher financial derivative instruments may include, but are not limited level of investment risk and (ii) the expected level of to, stripped mortgage-related securities ("SMRS"), swaps leverage disclosed above is mainly generated by the use of (including interest rate swaps ("IRS"), total rate of return swaps derivatives for hedging purposes or for efficient portfolio ("TRS") and credit default swaps ("CDS")), swaptions, options, management.

In addition, the actual leverage of the futures and currency transactions (including forward currency Portfolio may deviate from the above mentioned expected contracts).

These financial derivative instruments (including level of leverage.

OTC derivatives and exchange-traded financial derivative instruments) and efficient portfolio management techniques I-101AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio Risk measurement.

The Investment Manager will utilize a rate based on market supply and demand with reference to Value-at-Risk ("VaR") methodology to monitor the global a basket of foreign currencies.

The daily trading price of the exposure (market risk) for the Portfolio.

The global exposure of RMB against other major currencies in the inter-bank the Portfolio is measured by the absolute VaR methodology foreign exchange market is allowed to float within a narrow pursuant to which the VaR of the Portfolio may not exceed band around the central parity published by the People’s 20% of its Net Asset Value.

Bank of China.

RMB convertibility from offshore RMB (CNH) to onshore RMB (CNY) is a managed currency Benchmark.

The Portfolio’s benchmark is the Secured process subject to foreign exchange control policies of and Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR).

The Portfolio uses the repatriation restrictions imposed by the Chinese benchmark for performance comparison.

The Portfolio is government in coordination with the Hong Kong Monetary actively managed and the Investment Manager is not Authority (HKMA).

The value of CNH could differ, perhaps constrained by its benchmark when implementing the significantly, from that of CNY due to a number of factors Portfolio’s investment strategy.

Although the Portfolio may including without limitation those foreign exchange control hold, in certain market conditions and subject to the Investment policies and repatriation restrictions pursued by the Chinese Manager’s full discretion, a significant part of the components government from time-to-time as well as other external of the benchmark, it will not hold every component of the market forces.

benchmark and may also hold securities that are not part of it.

Since 2005, foreign exchange control policies pursued by the Chinese government have resulted in the general Other Investment Policies appreciation of RMB (both CNH and CNY).

This appreciation may or may not continue and there can be no Lack of Liquidity.

The Portfolio may invest up to 10% of its assurance that RMB will not be subject to devaluation at net assets in securities which have a lack of liquidity.

Any devaluation of RMB could adversely affect paragraph (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to the value of investors’ investments in the RMB H shares.

Section II.

The Portfolio may not be readily able to sell such securities.

Moreover, there may be contractual restrictions on The RMB H shares participate in the offshore RMB (CNH) resale of securities.

In addition, other types of securities are market, which allows investors to freely transact CNH subject to this 10% restriction.

outside of mainland China with approved banks in the Hong Kong market (HKMA approved banks).

The RMB H shares Defensive Position – Holding Cash or Cash Equivalents.

will have no requirement to remit CNH to onshore RMB The Portfolio may, as a temporary defensive measure or to (CNY).

provide for redemptions or in anticipation of investment in various international markets, hold cash or cash equivalents Responsible investing.

The Portfolio integrates ESG and short term fixed-income securities, including money market considerations.

The Portfolio applies certain exclusions and instruments.

details can be found at www.alliancebernstein.com/go/ABFCPIExclusionChart.

Currency Hedged Share Classes One or more of the Portfolio’s share classes offered in a The Portfolio is of the category that promotes environmental particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be and social characteristics (SFDR Article 8; see "Appendix hedged to such Offered Currency.

Any such share class will E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more constitute a "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Hedged Share Classes aim to provide investors a return more closely correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between the Portfolio’s base currency (i.e., Dollar) and the relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical considerations such as transaction costs.

The hedging strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the investment management of the Portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only the net asset value (NAV) of the Currency Hedged Share Classes, not the Portfolio’s underlying assets, which is hedged to the Offered Currency.

Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will be borne by the Currency Hedged Share Class in relation to which such expenses are incurred.

Risk Factors linked to RMB Hedged Share Classes.

Since 2005, the RMB exchange rate is no longer pegged to the U.S. dollar.

RMB has now moved to a managed floating exchange I-102AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio Summary Information Portfolio Features Currency of the USD Distributions* For class A, AX, BX, C, CX, I, IX, S and S1X Portfolio shares To be declared daily and payable monthly Net Asset Value Each Business Day Calculation For class AT, ATX, IT, NT and ZT shares To be declared and payable monthly Net Asset Value Available at www.alliancebernstein.com Publication For class AA, EA and SA shares To be declared and payable monthly with a Class Names H means Currency Hedged Share Classes.

For distribution rate to be derived from gross additional information on share class hedging, income (before deduction of fees and see "How to Purchase Shares—Currency expenses) Hedged Share Classes", and "Risk Factors -- Currency Hedged Share Class Risk" in Section For class AR shares II.

To be declared and payable annually with a distribution rate to be derived from gross income (before deduction of fees and For USD-Denominated Share Classes, EUR- expenses) Order Cut-Off Times Denominated Share Classes, HKD- Denominated Share Classes and SGD- For class A2, A2X, C2, C2X, I2, I2X N2, S1 Denominated Share Classes and S2 shares 4:00 P.M. U.S. Eastern Time on each Business None.

Day See "Distributions" below.

For Currency Hedged Share Classes and JPY Denominated Share Classes *Includes Hedged Share Classes 6:00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day For RMB Hedged Share Classes 1.00 P.M. Central European Time on each Business Day Share Class Fees and Charges1 Contingent Deferred Initial Sales Charge3 Management Fee4 Distribution Fee5 Sales Charge6 USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class C and C2 Shares None 1.55% None 0-1 year held=1.0% thereafter 0% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class EA Shares10 None 1.10% 0.50% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class N2 Shares Up to 3.00% 1.65% None None Class NT Shares Up to 3.00% 1.65% None None Class S Shares7 None None None None Class S1 Shares None 0.50% None None Class SA Shares7 None None None None I-103AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio 1.05% Class AX and A2X Up to 5.00% 1.00% None None Shares† 0.95% 1.05% Class ATX Shares† Up to 5.00% 1.00% None None 0.95% 0–1 year held=3.0% 1.05% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class BX Shares2† No longer offered 1.00% 0.45% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 0.95% 3+ yrs=0% 1.50% Class CX and C2X 1.45% 0-1 year held=1.0% None None Shares† 1.40% thereafter 0% 0.50% Class IX and I2X 0.45% Up to 1.50% None None Shares8† 0.40% Class S1X Shares† None 0.40% None None Class ZT Shares9 None None None None EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 1.05% Class AX and A2X Up to 5.00% 1.00% None None Shares† 0.95% Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% 1.05% 1–2 yrs=2.0% Class BX Shares2† No longer offered 1.00% 0.45% 2–3 yrs=1.0% 0.95% 3+ yrs=0% Class C2 Shares None 1.55% 0-1 year held=1.0% None thereafter 0% Class I and I2 Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S1 Shares None 0.50% None None HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None JPY Denominated Share Classes Class S1 Shares None 0.50% None None I-104AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA AUD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0%6 Class EA AUD H 1–2 yrs=2.0% None 1.10% 0.50% Shares10 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% Class S1 AUD H Shares None 0.50% None None SGD Hedged Share Classes Class AT SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA SGD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AA ZAR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 0–1 year held=3.0% Class EA ZAR H 1–2 yrs=2.0% None 1.10% 0.50% Shares10 2–3 yrs=1.0% 3+ yrs=0% RMB* Hedged Share Classes Up to 5.00% Class AA RMB H Shares 1.10% None None EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AR EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AT EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA EUR H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class IT EUR H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None Class S1 EUR H Shares None 0.50% None None CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class I2 CHF H Shares8 Up to 1.50% 0.55% None None NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA NZD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA CAD H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class S2 CAD H Shares7 None None None None GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None Class AA GBP H Shares Up to 5.00% 1.10% None None 1 The Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Shareholders to the contrary, that if, in any fiscal year, the Transfer Agent are entitled to receive, out of the assets of the aggregate fees and expenses with respect to the following share Portfolio, fees as described under "Other Portfolio Information— classes of the Portfolio (including any management fee and all Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and Transfer other fees and expenses set out in "Additional Information—Fees Agent Fees" below.

The Portfolio also bears all of its other and Expenses" in Section II, including Luxembourg Taxe expenses.

See "How to Purchase Shares" and "Additional d'Abonnement but exclusive of certain other taxes, brokerage (if Information—Fees and Expenses" in Section II.

The applicable) and interest on borrowings) exceed the following Management Company has voluntarily undertaken, until the percentages of the Portfolio's average Net Asset Value for the Management Company on behalf of the Fund notifies fiscal year attributable to the Portfolio's share classes (and I-105AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio corresponding H shares) as follows: A (1.50%), AX (1.25%), A2 duration that such Shares are held.

Management Company, or the Management Company will 7 Class S, S2 and SA shares (and corresponding Hedged Share otherwise bear, such excess fees and expenses.

Classes) are reserved for institutional investors that have entered 2 After six years from the date of purchase, class BX shares are into an agreement with the Management Company and are being eligible for conversion to class AX shares, without charge from charged an investment management fee separately.

either the Fund or the Management Company.

For further details 8 For further information on this share class, see "Additional Share on the conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or Class Information" in Section II.

Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of 9 Class ZT shares are reserved for investment by AB funds.

the Prospectus.

10 After three years from the date of purchase, class EA shares (and 3 As a percentage of purchase price.

corresponding H shares) will be converted to class AA shares 4 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

With (and corresponding H shares) without charge from either the respect to certain share classes, the management fee may also Fund or the Management Company.

For further details on the include a component that is paid to distributors or other financial conversion of shares, please refer to "How to Exchange or intermediaries and service providers.

For further details on the Convert Shares—Conversion of CDSC Shares" in Section II of management fee, please refer to "Additional Information—Fees the Prospectus.

and Expenses" in Section II.

For class AX, A2X, ATX, BX, CX, C2X, IX and I2X shares, consecutive fee levels listed apply with respect to (1) the first $100,000,000 of the net assets of the * "RMB" refers to offshore RMB ("CNH") and not onshore RMB Portfolio, (2) the next $100,000,000 of the net assets of the known as CNY.

Portfolio and (3) the amount of the net assets of the Portfolio over $200,000,000.

† Class AX, A2X, ATX, BX, CX, C2X, IX, I2X and S1X shares have 5 As an annual percentage of average daily Net Asset Value.

been retired and are no longer open to new purchases, except 6 As a percentage of the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or from existing shareholders of these share classes.

original cost of the Shares being redeemed and based upon the I-106AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio Other Share Class Features Luxembourg Minimum Taxe Minimum Initial Subsequent Maximum d'Abonneme Offered Currencies Investment* Investment* Investment** nt*** USD-Denominated Share Classes Class A and A2 Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class AT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class AA Shares Class C and C2 Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class EA Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class I and I2 Shares Dollar $1 million** None None 0.05% Class N2 Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class NT Shares Dollar $2,000 $750 None 0.05% Class S Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class S1 Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class SA Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% Class AX and A2X Dollar No longer offered $750 None 0.05% Shares to new investors No longer offered $750 Class ATX Shares Dollar None 0.05% to new investors No longer No longer offered No longer offered Class BX Shares Dollar offered 0.05% Class CX and C2X No longer offered $750 Dollar None 0.05% Shares to new investors No longer offered Class IX and I2X Shares Dollar None None 0.05% to new investors Dollar No longer offered Class S1X Shares None None 0.01% to new investors Class ZT Shares Dollar $25 million** None None 0.01% EUR-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class AX and A2X No longer offered EUR € 750 None 0.05% Shares to new investors Class AT Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% No longer Class BX Shares EUR No longer offered No longer offered 0.05% offered Class C2 Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class I and I2 Shares EUR € 1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 Shares EUR € 25 million** None None 0.01% HKD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AT Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% Class AA Shares HKD HK$15,000 HK$5,000 None 0.05% SGD-Denominated Share Classes Class A2 Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AT Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% I-107AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio JPY Denominated Share Classes Class S1 Shares Yen ¥2,5 billion** None None 0.01% Luxembourg Hedged Minimum Initial Minimum Maximum Taxe Currencies Investment* Subsequent Investment** d'Abonneme Investment* nt*** AUD Hedged Share Classes Class AT AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class AA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class EA AUD H Shares AUD A$2,000 A$750 None 0.05% Class S1 AUD H Shares AUD A$25 million** None None 0.01% SGD Hedged Share Classes Class AT SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA SGD H Shares SGD S$3,000 S$1,000 None 0.05% ZAR Hedged Share Classes Class AA ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% Class EA ZAR H Shares ZAR ZAR 20,000 ZAR 7,000 None 0.05% RMB Hedged Share Classes Class AA RMB H Shares RMB RMB 10,000 RMB 3,750 None 0.05% EUR Hedged Share Classes Class A2 EUR H Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class AR EUR H Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class AT EUR H Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class AA EUR H Shares EUR € 2,000 € 750 None 0.05% Class I2 EUR H Shares EUR € 1 million** None None 0.05% Class IT EUR H Shares EUR € 1 million** None None 0.05% Class S1 EUR H Shares EUR € 25 million** None None 0.01% CHF Hedged Share Classes Class A2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 2,000 CHF 750 None 0.05% Class I2 CHF H Shares CHF CHF 1 million** None None 0.05% NZD Hedged Share Classes Class AT NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% Class AA NZD H Shares NZD NZ$3,000 NZ$1,000 None 0.05% CAD Hedged Share Classes Class AT CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class AA CAD H Shares CAD C$2,000 C$750 None 0.05% Class S2 CAD H Shares CAD C$25 million** None None 0.01% GBP Hedged Share Classes Class AT GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% Class AA GBP H Shares GBP £2,000 £750 None 0.05% * Does not apply to automatic investment plans, where offered.

*** Annual Luxembourg tax payable quarterly by each portfolio.

** May be waived by the Management Company in its sole discretion.

I-108AB FCP I—Mortgage Income Portfolio Other Portfolio Information Principal Investment Types For class AA, EA and SA shares (and corresponding H shares), the Management Company intends to declare and For a chart summarizing the principal types of investments make monthly distributions.

The Management Company used by the Portfolio and a description of securities and other intends to maintain a stable distribution rate per share for instruments in which the Portfolio may invest, investors such share classes.

For class AR shares (and corresponding should refer to "Investment Types" in Section II.

The ability of H shares), the Management Company intends to declare and the Portfolio to invest in any securities or instruments is make annual distributions.

The distribution rate is to be subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's stated investment derived from gross income (before deduction of fees and objective and policies and the limitations contained in expenses) and distributions may also include realized and "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A to Section II.

unrealized gains and capital attributable to such classes of Shares.

Since fees and expenses do not reduce the Risk Profile distribution rate, the NAV per Share of the relevant classes The Portfolio may make use of financial derivatives.

The will be reduced by such fees and expenses.

investment restrictions (9) to (13) set forth in Appendix A to Section II will not apply.

This Portfolio shall employ instead The Management Company also may determine if and to the Value-at-Risk (VaR) approach.

For further details what extent dividends paid include realized capital gains concerning the VaR approach, please refer to "Appendix C: and/or are paid out of capital, attributable to the relevant Additional Information relating to Financial Derivative class of Shares.

To the extent the net income and net Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments and realized profits attributable to these Shares exceed the Collateral Management".

amount declared payable, the excess return will be reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of such Shares.

Dividends Fixed-income securities in which the Portfolio will invest are may be automatically reinvested at the election of the subject to the credit risk of the private and public institutions Shareholder.

offering these securities and their market value is influenced by changes in interest rates.

The Portfolio's fixed-income For class A2, A2X, C2, C2X, I2, I2X, N2, S1 and S2 shares securities investments will generally be of Investment Grade (and corresponding H shares), the Management Company or equivalent quality.

There can be no assurance that any currently does not intend to pay dividends with respect to the distribution payments will occur and the Portfolio has no Shares.

Therefore, any net income and net realized profits specific maturity.

attributable to the Shares will be reflected in the respective Net Asset Value of the Shares.

The Portfolio is subject to market, interest rate and currency fluctuations and to other risks inherent in investing in Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and securities.

Therefore, no assurance can be given that the Transfer Agent Fees investment objective will be achieved, that invested capital For all Shares except class S, S1, S2, SA and S1X shares will be preserved, or that capital appreciation will occur.

(and corresponding H shares), the Management Company is Investment results may vary substantially on a monthly, paid an annual fee out of the assets of the Portfolio on the quarterly or annual basis.

An investment in the Portfolio does aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the Shares equal to not represent a complete investment program.

0.05% of average daily Net Asset Value.

The Management Company is paid an annual fee out of the assets of the For a chart summarizing the principal risks of the Portfolio Portfolio on the aggregate Net Asset Value attributable to the and a more detailed discussion of these and other risks class S, S1, S2, SA and S1X shares (and corresponding H applicable to the Portfolio, investors should refer to "Risk shares) equal to the lesser of $50,000 or 0.01% of average Factors" in Section II.

The Management Company fee is Profile of the Typical Investor waived with respect to class ZT shares to avoid duplication of The Portfolio will suit higher risk-tolerant investors seeking fees as the Management Company fee is paid at the level of the income potential of mortgage-related fixed-income the AB fund that invests in class ZT shares.

Investors are encouraged to consult their The Administrator fee, Depositary fee and Transfer Agent fee independent financial advisors regarding the suitability of for the Portfolio are paid out of the assets of the Portfolio in Shares of the Portfolio for their investment needs.

accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg and shall Distributions not exceed a fixed maximum specified under Section II of the For class A, AX, BX, C, CX, I, IX, S and S1X shares, the prospectus under "Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Management Company intends to declare daily and pay Agent Fees".

These fees may decrease or increase monthly dividends equal to all or substantially all of the depending on the assets of the Portfolio and transaction Portfolio's net income attributable to each class of Shares.

volume or for other reasons.

For class AT, ATX, IT, NT and ZT shares, the Management Organizational Expenses Company intends to declare and pay monthly dividends The Portfolio has no unamortized organizational expenses.

equal to all or substantially all of the Portfolio's net income Historical Performance attributable to each class of Shares.

Information on the historical performance of the Portfolio may be found at www.alliancebernstein.com.

It was renamed Mortgage Income Portfolio on 20 The Portfolio was established as a portfolio of the Fund under February 2014. the name Short Maturity Dollar Portfolio on 27 September I-110AB FCP I Section II: Core Information The Fund AB FCP I is a mutual investment fund (fonds commun de classes of Shares of each of its portfolios.

In the future, the placement) organized under the laws of the Grand Duchy of Fund may issue Shares of other classes of one or more Luxembourg as an unincorporated co-proprietorship of its portfolios or Shares of other classes related to newly securities and is registered under Part I of the Law of 2010. established portfolios.

All Shares of the same class have The Fund is registered under number K 217 at the Registre de the same rights as to dividends and redemptions.

The Fund qualifies Responsible Investing as a UCITS within the meaning of Article 1 (2) of the UCITS Directive.

The Fund is managed in the interest of its The Board of Managers of the Management Company Shareholders by the Management Company in accordance believes that it must serve shareholders’ interests by with the Fund's Management Regulations, as amended from providing investment solutions that deliver long-term time to time.

See "Additional Information—Management competitive performance.

AB Group’s strong commitment to Regulations."

The assets of the Fund, including the assets of responsible investing is an integral part of this duty.

each portfolio, are separate from those of the Management Responsible investing entails making better-informed Company.

All actions referred to herein as being performed by investment decisions, addressing ESG issues and the Fund or a portfolio will be performed by the Management dilemmas, including associated risks, and influencing Company or its agents on behalf of the Fund or such portfolio.

companies in Portfolios to contribute to a positive outcome.

The Fund is structured as an "umbrella fund" comprising For more information on how a Portfolio has a sustainable separate pools of assets (each a "portfolio").

Each portfolio is investment objective or promotes environmental and/or answerable only for its own obligations and expenses, and not social characteristics, if applicable, please see "Appendix E: for the liabilities of any other portfolio.

The Fund offers various SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures" for more information.

II-1AB FCP I How to Purchase Shares owners of the Shares of the Fund.

The documents and General information required to make this verification will be The Fund is offering through this document the classes of communicated along the application form.

The Shares indicated under "Summary Information" with respect to Management Company may require Shareholders to each portfolio in Section I.

"Summary Information" indicates provide additional documents or information in case the the Offered Currency or Offered Currencies in which such gathered information is not satisfactory to the Management Shares are offered for subscription and redemption.

The Company.

In any case, the Management Company may Shares being offered hereby may be subject to different sales require, at any time, additional documentation to comply charges and ongoing distribution and other fees.

These with applicable legal and regulatory requirements.

alternative sale arrangements permit an investor to choose the Information provided to the Management Company is method of purchasing shares that is most beneficial given the collected and processed for anti-money laundering and amount of the purchase, the length of time the investor expects counter-terrorist financing compliance purposes only to hold the shares and other circumstances.

(please refer to the Data Protection section.

The minimum initial investment, minimum subsequent investment and maximum investment, if any, are indicated In case of delay or failure by a Shareholder to provide the under "Summary Information" in Section I.

For certain classes documents required, no Shares will be issued to it or, if of Shares and certain categories of investors the minimum applicable, no distribution will be made to it.

Neither the initial and subsequent investment may be reduced and any Management Company nor any of its appointed agents will maximum investment amount may be waived by the have any liability for delays or failure to process issue or Management Company in its sole discretion.

In addition, the redemption of Shares as a result of the applicant providing Management Company, in its sole discretion, may allow no or incomplete documentation.

distributors or dealers to establish different minimums for initial To the extent required by and subject to the conditions of and subsequent investments with respect to any class of the law of 13 January 2019 establishing a register of Shares.

beneficial owners, the Shareholders shall provide the The Fund does not currently accept payment in any currency Management Company, or any delegate thereof, with any other than an Offered Currency.

The offering price of each information necessary to identify beneficial owner(s) of the class of Shares will be available for inspection at the registered Fund within the meaning of Article 1(7) of the Lux AML Law.

office of the Management Company.

The Management Such information may be reported and made available to Company on behalf of the Fund may refuse any order to general public through the Luxembourg beneficial owner purchase Shares for any reason.

In this regard, the Fund register (the "RBO").

By executing an application form with reserves the right to restrict purchases of Shares (including respect to the Fund, each Shareholder acknowledges that through exchanges) when they appear to evidence a pattern of failure by a Shareholder, or, as applicable, beneficial frequent purchases and redemptions made in response to owner(s) thereof, to provide the Management Company, or short-term considerations.

See " Excessive and Short-Term any delegate thereof, with any relevant information and Trading Policy and Procedures" in Appendix B. supporting documentation necessary for the Management The Management Company may, at any time at its discretion, Company to comply with the obligation to provide temporarily discontinue, cease indefinitely or limit the issue of information and documentation to the RBO is subject to Shares to investors resident or established in certain countries criminal fines in Luxembourg.

or territories.

The Management Company may also prohibit certain investors from acquiring Shares if necessary for the The Management Company shall ensure due diligence protection of the Shareholders as a whole and the Fund.

measures on the Fund’s investments are applied on a risk-based approach in accordance with Luxembourg Anti-Money Laundering Compliance applicable laws and regulations.

Pursuant to (i) international rules comprising, but not limited to, Purchases of Shares applicable Financial Action Task Force (FATF) anti-money laundering/counter terrorism financing ("AML/CTF") standards, Shares will be available for purchase in the Offered (ii) Executive Orders administered by the U.S. Department of Currencies at their respective Net Asset Values (plus any Treasury’s Office of Foreign Assets Control ("OFAC"), and (iii) applicable sales charge) on any Business Day.

The Net Luxembourg laws and regulations comprising, but not limited Asset Value will be calculated in the Currency of the to, the law of 12 November 2004 on the fight against money Portfolio and additionally a Net Asset Value in another laundering and financing of terrorism (the "Lux AML Law"), the Offered Currency will be determined based upon the Grand Ducal Regulation dated 1 February 2010 and the CSSF applicable conversion rate(s) on such Business Day.

The Regulation 12-02 of 14 December 2012, and any respective Net Asset Value is determined for each Trade Date as of its amendments or replacements, obligations have been imposed Valuation Point, which is 4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time on on all professionals of the financial sector to prevent the use of such Trade Date, unless otherwise provided for in the undertakings for collective investment for money laundering relevant part of Section I relating to a specific portfolio.

and financing of terrorism purposes.

Orders from investors will be accepted only upon receipt of cleared funds by the Depositary unless, in a particular case, As a result of such provisions, the Management Company, or an investor has provided a written undertaking acceptable any delegate thereof, must amongst other obligations, to the Management Company or the Distributor obligating ascertain the identity of the legal owner and of the beneficial such investor to effect payment in full for shares within a II-2AB FCP I customary period of time.

Any such arrangement may be of Section I relating to a specific portfolio, the charge will be accepted by the Management Company or the Distributor in its calculated in the Currency of the Portfolio on the amount or their sole discretion.

Each order should specify the Offered which is the lesser of the current Net Asset Value or original Currency in which the payment will be made.

In cases where cost of the Shares being redeemed, and if applicable, the Management Company consents to payments in a thereafter, expressed in the Offered Currency at the currency other than in an Offered Currency, the order will be applicable conversion rate on each Valuation Point.

In accepted only upon conversion in the Currency of the Portfolio addition, no charge will be assessed on Shares derived of the amount received and the reconciliation thereof with the from reinvestment of dividends or capital gains distributions.

In determining whether a contingent deferred sales charge Purchase orders for a given Trade Date may be accepted up to is applicable to the proceeds of a redemption, the the Order Cut-off Time (4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time, or calculation will be determined in the manner that results in otherwise as defined in the relevant part of Section I relating to the lowest possible rate being charged, while taking into a specific portfolio) for such Trade Date.

Valid and complete account that a request by an investor to redeem such class orders received and accepted by the Management Company or of Shares will be deemed to have been given for the Shares its agents within this time frame are processed as of such which have been held for the longest period by such Trade Date, in the relevant Offered Currency, at the Net Asset investor.

Value per Share of the appropriate class determined as of the Proceeds from the contingent deferred sales charge are Valuation Point for such Trade Date.

Orders received and paid to the Distributor and are used in whole or in part by accepted after the Order Cut-off Time (4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern the Distributor to defray its expenses in providing time, or otherwise as defined in the relevant part of Section I distribution-related services to the Fund with a contingent relating to a specific portfolio) are processed on the next deferred sales charge and the furnishing of services to Business Day at the appropriate Net Asset Value determined Shareholders by sales and marketing personnel of the as of the Valuation Point on such Business Day, in which case Distributor.

The combination of the contingent deferred the Trade Date in respect of such purchase, redemption or sales charge and the distribution fee is designed to finance exchange request will be such Business Day.

At the discretion the distribution of such Shares through the Distributor and of the Management Company, Trade Dates, Valuation Points dealers without a sales charge being assessed at the time or the foregoing Order Cut-off Times may be changed, and of purchase.

The Management Company and the additional Trade Dates, Valuation Points and Order Cut-off Distributor reserve the right to modify the contingent Times may be designated.

The Management Company will deferred sales charge schedule applicable in certain notify Shareholders of any such changes.

In the event the jurisdictions.

Shares subject to a contingent deferred sales Management Company has suspended or postponed the charge may not be held within omnibus account determination of Net Asset Values as set out in "Suspension of arrangements unless the Management Company and Issue, Redemption and Exchange of Shares and Calculation of Distributor consent.

Net Asset Value", the Net Asset Value determined at the next All Shares of a class convey, upon issue, the same rights Valuation Point will be utilized.

as to redemption and distributions.

The Net Asset Value Orders generally will be forwarded to the Management per Share of the various classes of Shares in respect of a Company by the Distributor or selling dealer on the date particular portfolio may differ as a result of the different fees received, provided the order is received by the Distributor or assessed on each class of Shares.

dealer prior to such deadline as may from time to time be The Fund currently offers, and in the future may offer in established by the office in which the order is placed.

Neither respect of each portfolio, various classes of Shares with the Distributor nor any dealer is permitted to withhold placing differing fee structures and subscription requirements to orders to benefit themselves by a price change.

meet the needs of certain classes of investors or to conform to market practice or requirements in certain jurisdictions.

Share Classes The Fund retains the right to offer only one or more class of Shares for purchase by investors in any particular The maximum sales charge, if any, with respect to the Shares jurisdiction.

In addition, the Fund or the Distributor may offered is indicated under "Summary Information" in Section I. adopt standards applicable to classes of investors or The Distributor may fully reallow the amount of the sales transactions which permit, or limit investment to, the charge to dealers with whom it has agreements.

If in any purchase of a particular class of Shares.

Prospective country in which shares are offered, local law or practice investors should consult their financial adviser to determine requires or permits a lower sales charge than that indicated which classes of Shares may be available in their particular under "Summary Information" for any individual purchase jurisdiction and best suit their investment needs.

order, the Distributor may sell shares and may authorize or require dealers to sell shares within such country with a lower The attention of Shareholders is drawn to the fact that the sales charge.

The Distributor also receives, for certain classes Fund is authorized, from time to time, to create and offer of shares, a distribution fee, accrued daily and paid monthly in Share Classes in addition to those currently described arrears, at the annual rates indicated under "Summary within the present Prospectus to the extent the same type Information" on the Portfolio's aggregate average daily Net of shares already exists in the same Portfolio.

Such newly Asset Value attributable to the appropriate class of shares.

created Share Classes will be reflected in the next update of the Prospectus.

With respect to certain classes of shares (such as class B shares), the proceeds of these Shares redeemed by an A complete list of available Share Classes may be obtained investor within a certain number of years of the date such from www.alliancebernstein.com or the registered office of Shares were issued will be assessed a contingent deferred the Management Company.

sales charge Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant part II-3AB FCP I Additional Share Class Information CLASS E SHARES CLASS A SHARES Class E Shares are offered to selected dealers or distribution agents appointed by the Management Company Class A Shares are offered to selected dealers or distribution purchasing Shares on behalf of their clients.

agents appointed by the Management Company purchasing Shares on behalf of their clients.

A portion of the fee charged for Class E Shares may be paid to dealers, distribution agents and/or platforms for A portion of the fee charged for Class A Shares may be paid to certain maintenance and/or administration type fees (where dealers, distribution agents and/or platforms for certain legally permissible).

maintenance and/or administration type fees (where legally permissible).

Class E Shares are not subject to an initial sales charge.

Class A Shares are available for distribution in the EU except Class E Shares are not available for distribution in the EU.

to (i) MiFID distributors providing independent advice (e.g., independent financial investment advisors) or portfolio CLASS I SHARES management services (e.g.

discretionary investment managers) or (ii) any client on whose behalf a foregoing MiFID Class I Shares are offered to (i) retail and institutional distributors is acting.1 investors purchasing Shares through dealers or distribution agents who have separate fee arrangements with such CLASS C SHARES investors, (ii) product structures that purchase Shares directly, or on behalf of an end investor and assess such Class C Shares are offered to selected dealers or distribution investor a fee at the product level; and (iii) other investors at agents appointed by the Management Company purchasing the Management Company's discretion where such offering Shares on behalf of their clients.

and/or sale takes place outside the EU.

A portion of the fee charged for Class C Shares may be paid to With respect to distribution within the EU, no portion of fees dealers, distribution agents and/or platforms for certain charged by the Management Company involving Class I maintenance and/or administration type fees (where legally Shares is paid to dealers and/or distribution agents, except permissible).

maintenance and/or administration type fees (where legally permissible) including payments to platforms.

Accordingly, Class C Shares are available for distribution in the EU except within the EU, Class I Shares are available for purchase by to (i) entities providing independent advice (e.g., independent (or on behalf of) customers of: (i) dealers and/or distribution financial investment advisors) or portfolio management agents providing independent advice (e.g., independent services (e.g.

discretionary investment managers) or (ii) any financial investment advisors) or portfolio management client on whose behalf a foregoing entity is acting2.

services (e.g., discretionary investment managers); and (ii) dealers and/or distribution agents purchasing Class I CLASS F SHARES Shares on behalf of their clients where either an arrangement with their client or applicable law prohibits Class F Shares are offered to institutional investors.

such dealers and/or distribution agents from retaining any payment from a third-party.

With respect to distribution within the EU, no portion of the fees charged for Class F Shares is paid to third parties such as CLASS L SHARES dealers or distribution agents, except maintenance and/or administration type fees (where legally permissible) including Class L Shares are offered to selected dealers or payments to platforms.

Accordingly, within the EU, Class F distribution agents appointed by the Management Company Shares are available to entities providing portfolio management purchasing Shares on behalf of their clients.

discretionary investment managers) or any client on whose behalf a foregoing entity is acting.

A portion of the fee charged for Class L Shares may be paid to dealers, distribution agents and/or platforms for Class F Shares are not subject to an initial sales charge or certain maintenance and/or administration type fees (where CDSC.

1 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the only circumstance where such class of 2 Notwithstanding the foregoing, the only circumstance where such Shares are available for distribution in the EU to entities providing Class of Shares are available for distribution in the EU to entities independent advice or portfolio management services is where the providing independent advice or portfolio management services is relevant entity has provided the Management Company a written where the relevant entity has provided the Management Company a undertaking that any amount(s) received by it in respect of Class of Shares written undertaking that any amount(s) received by it in respect of will be credited, in full, to such entity’s client(s) and that no amount(s) in Class of Shares will be credited, in full, to such entity’s client(s) and respect thereof will be retained by such entity, in each case in accordance that no amount(s) in respect thereof will be retained by such entity, in with applicable law.

each case in accordance with applicable law.

II-4AB FCP I Class L Shares are available for distribution in the EU except to dealers or distribution agents, except maintenance and/or (i) MiFID distributors providing independent advice (e.g., administration type fees (where legally permissible) independent financial investment advisors) or portfolio including payments to platforms.

Accordingly, within the management services (e.g.

discretionary investment EU, Class W Shares are available to entities providing managers) or (ii) any client on whose behalf a foregoing MiFID portfolio management services (e.g.

discretionary distributors is acting2.

investment managers) or any client on whose behalf a foregoing entity is acting.

CLASS N SHARES CLASS Z SHARES Class N Shares are offered to selected dealers or distribution Class Z Shares are reserved for investment by AB funds.

agents appointed by the Management Company purchasing Currency Hedged Share Classes.

One or more of a Shares on behalf of their clients.

portfolio’s share classes offered in a particular currency (each, an "Offered Currency") may be hedged to such A portion of the fee charged for Class N Shares may be paid to Offered Currency.

Any such share class will constitute a dealers, distribution agents and/or platforms for certain "Currency Hedged Share Class."

Currency Hedged Share maintenance and/or administration type fees (where legally Classes aim to provide investors a return more closely permissible).

correlated to the Portfolio’s base currency return by reducing the effect of exchange rate fluctuations between Class N Shares are available for distribution in the EU except the portfolio’s base currency (e.g., US Dollars) and the to (i) entities providing independent advice (e.g., independent relevant Offered Currency, taking into account practical financial investment advisors) or portfolio management considerations such as transaction costs.

discretionary investment managers) or (ii) any strategy employed is designed to reduce, but may not client on whose behalf a foregoing entity is acting2.

eliminate, currency exposure between the portfolio’s base currency and the Offered Currency.

CLASS S SHARES The precise hedging strategy applied to a particular Hedged Share Class may vary from one portfolio offering Currency Class S shares are offered to institutional investors have Hedged Share Class(es) to another.

But, in general, the entered into an agreement with the Management Company amount of net subscriptions of a particular Currency and are being charged an investment management fee Hedged Share Class will be converted into the portfolio’s separately.

base currency at the applicable spot rate.

At the same time, the Investment Manager will enter into a forward With respect to distribution within the EU, no portion of the fees currency exchange contract for the same amount.

charged for Class S Shares is paid to third parties such as Thereafter the hedge will be monitored and adjusted from dealers or distribution agents, except maintenance and/or time-to-time to take account of net administration type fees (where legally permissible) including subscriptions/redemptions attributable to investor flows as payments to platforms.

Accordingly, within the EU, Class S well as the net asset value of the relevant Currency Hedged Shares are available to entities providing portfolio management Share Class.

The degree of effectiveness provided by a services (e.g.

discretionary investment managers) or any client particular hedge will depend, among other things, on the on whose behalf a foregoing entity is acting.

Investment Manager’s ability to enter into corresponding forward currency exchange contracts in order to match the CLASS S1 SHARES most recently available value of the portfolio’s assets attributable to the Currency Hedged Share Class with Class S1 shares are offered to institutional investors.

corresponding forward currency exchange contracts.

During the life of each foreign currency exchange contract, With respect to distribution within the EU, no portion of the fees any gains or losses on the forward position is incorporated charged for Class S1 Shares is paid to third parties such as into the daily net asset value of the Currency Hedged Share dealers or distribution agents, except maintenance and/or Class and is realized on the settlement of the forward administration type fees (where legally permissible) including currency exchange contract in-question.

These forward payments to platforms.

Accordingly, within the EU, Class S1 positions are then rolled from one forward currency Shares are available to entities providing portfolio management exchange contract to another thereby continuing the hedge.

discretionary investment managers) or any client The returns of Currency Hedged Share Classes on whose behalf a foregoing entity is acting.

denominated in the Offered Currencies are intended to correlate significantly with the returns of share classes CLASS W SHARES denominated in a portfolio’s base currency.

However, these returns will not correlate perfectly due to various Class W Shares are available through (i) Distributors (a) who factors, including short-term interest rate differentials, have separate fee arrangements with their investors and (b) unrealized gains/losses on currency forward positions’ not whose investors' aggregated holdings in the Portfolio exceed being invested until the gains/losses are realized, the target $500 million; (ii) and through other dealers or distribution hedge ratio and deviation range employed by the agents at the Management Company's discretion.

Investment Manager (the deviation range is designed to avoid higher transaction costs associated with excessive With respect to distribution within the EU, no portion of the fees minor hedge adjustments but results in minor over/under charged for Class W Shares is paid to third parties such as II-5AB FCP I hedges), the timing of the market value hedge adjustments same Portfolio.

Any profit or loss as well as costs and relative to the portfolio’s Valuation Point, and transaction costs expense resulting from these transactions will be reflected attributable to hedging activity.

exclusively in the NAV of Class BRL H Shares.

These hedging transactions for the Currency Hedged Share Classes are intended to be entered into continuously whether A complete list of available Share Classes may be obtained the Offered Currency in which the Currency Hedged Share from www.alliancebernstein.com or the registered office of Class is denominated is declining or increasing in value relative the Management Company.

to other currencies.

Therefore such hedging will tend to protect investors in the relevant Currency Hedged Share Classes to the extent the value of the Currency Hedged Share Class's Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes Offered Currency rises relative to the portfolio's base currency.

Conversely, such hedging will tend to prevent investors from For some fixed-income portfolios, the Management benefiting if the value of a Currency Hedged Share Class's Company may offer Partial Duration Hedged Share Offered Currency decreases relative to the portfolio's base Classes.

Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes intend to currency.

provide investors a return that is less sensitive to interest Currency Hedged Share Classes do not affect the investment rate fluctuations by partially hedging the duration of the management of the portfolio’s underlying assets since it is only overall Portfolio for shareholders in the Partial Duration the net asset value of the Currency Hedged Share Classes Hedged Share Class.

Changes in interest rates will which is hedged, not the portfolio’s underlying assets.

influence the total return of such fixed-income portfolios.

In contrast to the rationale underlying Currency Hedged Share The partial duration hedging strategy is designed to reduce, Classes, a particular portfolio’s investment strategy may seek however it may not eliminate, the interest rate risk of the to fully or partially hedge currency exposures arising from overall portfolio in the Partial Duration Hedged Share Class.

some or all of the portfolio’s underlying assets to the portfolio’s Managing the interest rate risk at the Partial Duration base currency to the extent indicated in the description of a Hedged Share Classes level does not affect the investment particular portfolio’s investment strategy set out in Section I. management of the portfolio’s underlying assets since the This type of hedging activity (i.e., hedging the currency financial derivative instrument transactions used to hedge exposures of a portfolio’s investments against the portfolio’s the interest rate risk will be performed at the net asset value base currency) is separate from – and unrelated to – the (NAV) of the Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes.

hedging activity discussed under this heading relating solely to Shareholders should be aware that Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes may still have significant sensitivity to Currency Hedged Share Classes.

changes in interest rates, which would impact the NAV of To the extent a particular portfolio offers Currency Hedged the Partial Duration Hedged Share Class.

Share Classes and seeks also to fully or partially hedge currency exposures relating to some or all of the portfolio’s Such partial duration hedging strategy will be achieved underlying assets to the portfolio’s base currency, certain costs through the use of financial derivative instruments, such as and inefficiencies could result.

Expenses incurred as a result of such hedging activity will be borne on a pro rata basis by all Finally, shareholders should be aware that the level of leverage Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes issued within the of Currency Hedged Share Classes will automatically be higher same portfolio.

than the expected level of leverage disclosed for a specific Finally, shareholders should be aware that the level of portfolio.

Indeed, such expected level of leverage does not take leverage of Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes will into account the hedging transactions used for the Currency automatically be higher than the expected level of leverage Hedged Share Classes.

disclosed for a specific portfolio.

Indeed, such expected The attention of Shareholders is drawn to the fact that the Fund level of leverage does not take into account the hedging is authorized, from time to time, to create and offer Currency transactions used for the Partial Duration Hedged Share Hedged Share Classes in addition to those currently described Classes.

within the present Prospectus.

Such newly created Currency Hedged Share Classes will be reflected in the next update of Issuance and Settlement the Prospectus.

Payments for Shares subscribed for should accompany the BRL Hedged Share Classes.

Class BRL H Shares are investor's Application Form, since the application will be reserved for investors domiciled in Brazil and will adopt a accepted only upon identification of the payment made in respect of the Shares to be purchased, or, if Shares are different hedging model than used for our other hedged share subscribed for and purchased from or through an classes due to the currency controls in Brazil.

As BRL is a authorized selling dealer or the Distributor, payment should restricted currency, Class BRL H Shares cannot be be made within three Business Days of the relevant Trade denominated in BRL but instead will be denominated in the Date, unless otherwise stated in the portfolio details of a base currency of the relevant Portfolio.

BRL currency hedging Portfolio in Part I, and in accordance with such procedures will be obtained by converting the NAV of the Class BRL H as may be adopted by such dealer and approved by the Shares into BRL using financial derivative instruments (e.g.

a Distributor and the Fund.

Different settlement periods may non-deliverable currency forward).

It is expected that the NAV apply in certain jurisdictions where the Shares are sold.

Payment for Shares purchased directly from the Fund are of Class BRL H Shares will fluctuate in line with changes in the payable to the account of the Fund as indicated in the exchange rate between the BRL and base currency of the Application Form.

Upon receipt of payment by the Fund, relevant Portfolio and performance may therefore differ, the Management Company will issue whole and fractional including significantly, from that of other Share Classes in the Shares and certificates, if requested.

Confirmations will be II-6AB FCP I delivered to the investor.

Payment for shares and the holdings of Shares denominated in the same currency.

applicable sales charge, if any, must be made in an Offered Investors desiring to hold Shares in multiple Offered Currency.

Currencies will therefore have more than one AB funds account and will receive separate statements with respect Confirmation Notes and Certificates to each such account.

Investors will be given an AB funds account number with respect to each AB funds account A confirmation note will be sent to the investor on the Business they establish, and this number, together with the investor's Day following the issue of the Shares, providing full details of pertinent details, constitutes proof of identity.

This AB the transaction.

All Shares are issued in registered form, and funds account number should be used for all future dealings the Fund's Shareholder register in respect of the relevant by the investor in respect of any AB fund Shares of such portfolio maintained by the Transfer Agent is evidence of accounts.

Any change to an investor's personal details, ownership.

The Management Company treats the registered loss of AB funds account number(s) or loss of Share owner of a Share as the absolute and beneficial owner thereof.

certificates must be notified immediately to the Transfer Shares are issued in uncertificated form unless a certificate is Agent in writing.

The Fund reserves the right to require an specifically requested at the time of application.

The indemnity or verification of identity countersigned by a bank, uncertificated form enables the Fund to effect redemption stockholder or other party acceptable to it before accepting instructions without undue delay and consequently the Fund recommends that investors maintain their Shares in such instructions.

uncertificated form.

If an investor requests Shares to be issued in certificated form, a Share certificate is sent either to the Subscriptions in Kind investor or that person's nominated agent (at the investor risk) The Management Company may accept securities as normally within 28 days of completion of the registration payment for Shares at its discretion provided that the process or transfer, as the case may be, of the Shares.

contribution of such securities are consistent with policies pursued by the Investment Manager and will not result in a AB Funds Accounts and Account Numbers breach of the relevant portfolio's investment objective and policies or the Fund's investment restrictions.

In such case, Upon acceptance of an investor's Application Form in an auditor's report will be necessary to value the connection with the investor's first investment in an AB fund, contribution in kind.

Expenses in connection with the the Transfer Agent will establish an account in its Shareholder establishment of such report and any other expenses in processing system in which the investor's AB fund Shares will connection with the subscription in kind will be borne by the be recorded.

This account reflects an investor's share position subscriber that has chosen this method of payment, or by in the relevant AB fund.

An AB funds account will be the Fund when the quantifiable benefits to the Fund exceed denominated in the Offered Currency in which the investor's first AB fund subscription is made.

An AB funds account can the cost of such auditor’s report.

only be denominated in one currency and thus will only record II-7AB FCP I How to Redeem Shares Shareholders may redeem their Shares on any Business Day the registered owner of the Shares; third party payments through the Distributor or any authorized dealer, or by cannot be made.

Payments will be made by wire transfer.

transmitting an irrevocable redemption order by facsimile or Please note that payment of redemption proceeds may be mail to the Management Company or its authorized agent.

The delayed if the Management Company, or its authorized redemption order must clearly state the name of the Fund and agent, has not received all required original documentation portfolio, the Share class, the number of Shares to be from Shareholders or their financial advisers, as redeemed or the total value (in the Offered Currency in which appropriate, via mail.

Wire transfer instructions should be the Shareholder has elected to purchase the Shares) of Shares included in an investor's original Application Form, to be redeemed, together with the Shareholder's name and AB otherwise wire transfer instructions must be received (and funds account number (for that Offered Currency) as registered verified) by the Management Company, or its authorized with the Fund.

Payments of redemption proceeds will be made agent, via mail or facsimile transmission before wire in the Offered Currency in which the Shareholder's AB funds transfers of redemption proceeds may be sent.

account is denominated.

The Management Company will endeavor to ensure, for If, as a result of any redemption request, a Shareholder's AB any Trade Date, that an appropriate level of liquidity is funds account falls below $1,000 (or the equivalent amount in maintained in respect of each portfolio so that redemption another Offered Currency depending on the currency in which of Shares may, under normal circumstances, be made the Shareholder's AB funds account is denominated), such promptly on such date to Shareholders requesting redemption request may be deemed to apply to the redemption.

However, the Management Company may Shareholder's entire AB funds account.

limit the redemption of Shares in the event the Fund receives as of any Trade Date requests to redeem more The redemption price will be equal to the Net Asset Value per than 10% of the Shares of the relevant portfolio or class Share in the relevant Offered Currency of the relevant share outstanding as of such date (or such lower percentage as class determined for the appropriate Trade Date as of the may be stated in the description of such portfolio in Section Valuation Point, which is 4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time on such I), in which case Shares of the portfolio or class may be Trade Date, unless otherwise provided for in the relevant part redeemed on a pro rata basis.

Any part of a redemption of Section I relating to a specific portfolio.

Redemption request to which effect is not given by reason of the requests for a given Trade Date may be accepted up to the exercise of this power by or on behalf of the Management Order Cut-off Time (4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time, or otherwise Company will be treated as if a request has been made in as defined in the relevant part of Section I relating to a specific respect of the next Trade Date and all following Trade portfolio) for such Trade Date.

Valid and complete redemption Dates (in relation to which the Management Company has requests received within this time frame are normally the same power) until the original request has been processed as of such Trade Date at the redemption price as satisfied in full.

Any such limitation will be notified to those stated above.

Redemption requests received after such Order Shareholders who have applied for redemption.

In addition, Cut-off Time (4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time, or otherwise as under certain circumstances, the Management Company defined in the relevant part of Section I relating to a specific may suspend the right of Shareholders to redeem Shares.

portfolio) will be processed on the next Business Day at the See "Additional Information—Suspension of Issue, appropriate Net Asset Value determined as of the Valuation Redemption and Exchange of Shares and Calculation of Point on such Business Day, in which case the Trade Date in Net Asset Value."

respect of such redemption request will be such Business Day.

Depending on the Net Asset Value calculated with respect to a Transfers given Trade Date, the redemption price of Shares may be higher or lower than the price paid for such Shares at the time Except as set out below and under "Additional of subscription.

Information—Restrictions on Ownership," the Shares which are listed are freely transferable.

The Shares may not be Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant part of Section I transferred to U.S.

Persons without the consent of the relating to a specific portfolio, payment of the redemption Management Company.

proceeds (the redemption price less any applicable contingent deferred sales charge) will be made by the Depositary or its Redemptions in Kind agents in the relevant Offered Currency, usually within three If requested by the Shareholder, redemptions may be made Business Days after the relevant Trade Date to the account of in kind at the discretion of the Management Company.

the registered Shareholder, provided that (i) a redemption Expenses in connection with the redemption in kind (mainly order has been received by the Management Company, or its costs relating to the drawing up of an auditor's report) will authorized agent, in the appropriate form and (ii) the be borne by the Shareholder that has chosen this method certificates (if issued) for the Shares to be redeemed have of redemption or by the Fund when the quantifiable benefits been received by the Management Company, or its authorized to the Fund exceed the cost of such auditor’s report.

To the agent, prior to the Valuation Point with respect to such Trade extent reasonably possible, such redemption in kind will Date.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if in exceptional normally be made on a pro rata basis of all investments circumstances the liquidity of the Fund is not sufficient to held by the Fund (having always due regard to and/or enable payment or redemption to be made within this period, protecting the interests of the Fund).

such payment will be made as soon as reasonably practicable thereafter, but without interest.

Payments can be made only to II-8AB FCP I How to Exchange or Convert Shares Exchange for Shares of Other Portfolios within the Fund Transaction costs, if any, incurred in respect of an and Certain Other AB Funds exchange of Shares of the same class but involving Shareholders have the option to exchange Shares for Shares different currencies will be reflected in the amount of of the same class of any other portfolio of the Fund or Shares Shares realized by the investor upon exchange.

of the same class of certain other AB funds.

Any such Investors interested in exchanging Shares should contact exchange will be subject to the minimum investment their financial adviser or the Distributor for more information requirements and any other applicable terms set out in the about the exchange option.

Neither the Fund nor the Prospectus relating to the Shares of the portfolio of the Fund or Management Company currently charges any other AB fund to be acquired upon exchange.

The administrative or other fees in connection with exchanges.

Management Company reserves the right, in its discretion, to However, investors who hold their Shares through accounts waive any applicable minimum subscription amounts.

with a dealer should contact such dealer to determine if any The applicable Order Cut-off Time for an exchange will be the such fees apply in connection with exchanges.

earlier of the Order Cut-off Times of the two AB funds or share Conversion of CDSC Shares classes that are associated with the exchange.

If the earlier Order Cut-off Time is not met, the exchange will not be Conversion of B CDSC Shares considered for acceptance until the next common Business Conversion at Shareholder’s Option Day of the two AB funds.

Following receipt and acceptance by Shareholders of B CDSC Shares for which a conversion the Management Company, or its agent, of a valid and right has been provided in Section I ("Eligible B CDSC complete exchange order, exchanges will be effected, in each Shares") will have the right to convert such Eligible B CDSC case, at the Net Asset Value as next determined in accordance Shares to such other share classes of the same Portfolio as with the terms set out in "Additional Information— stipulated in Section I after such Eligible B CDSC Shares Determination of the Net Asset Value of the Shares" below.

have been held for the number of years specified in Section Exchanges involving other AB funds will be effected by means I without charge from either the Fund or the Management of a redemption of the original Shares and a subscription for Company.

Except as otherwise described below, and purchase of the Shares to be acquired upon exchange.

conversions will be effected only at the election of the Each side of an exchange transaction will be effected on the registered holder of such Eligible B CDSC Shares (i.e., the same trade date.

owner of such Eligible B CDSC Shares as reflected in the The Management Company, on behalf of the Fund and the Fund's shareholder register).

Accordingly, investors who Distributor, reserves the right (i) to reject any order to acquire hold their Eligible B CDSC Shares through accounts with a shares through exchange at any time or (ii) otherwise modify, financial intermediary should contact such financial restrict or terminate the exchange privilege generally at any intermediary for more information about converting their time on 60 days' notice to Shareholders.

Eligible B CDSC Shares.

In respect of any exchange order involving a class of Shares Automatic Conversion possessing a contingent deferred sales charge, the holding Effective January 2021, Eligible B CDSC Shares held in the period for purposes of calculating the contingent deferred sales name of a single investor (and not in an omnibus account) charge due upon redemption, if applicable, relating to Shares will be converted automatically into such other share acquired in an exchange, will be based on the date of purchase classes of the same Portfolio as specified in Section I after of the original Shares.

The contingent deferred sales charge such Eligible B CDSC Shares have been held for the on Shares acquired in an exchange will be calculated based on number of years specified in Section I.

Shares held through the contingent deferred sales charge schedule associated to a financial intermediary in an omnibus account for which the the original Shares at the time of purchase.

Such restrictions recordkeeping on the underlying investors is managed by may be waived under certain circumstances in the sole the financial intermediary will continue to be converted discretion of the Management Company, on behalf of the Fund.

based on the instructions of the registered owner of the Exchanges will be effected in a manner such that upon omnibus account.

redemption of the Shares acquired in the exchange, the redemption price will be paid in the Offered Currency in which Notwithstanding the above, as of the Effective Date (as the Shareholder's AB funds account is denominated.

In the defined below), Eligible B CDSC Shares held by event a Shareholder exchanges original Shares into Shares Shareholders residing in Taiwan will be converted that are not available in the Offered Currency in which the automatically into such other share classes of the same Shareholder's AB funds account is denominated, a second AB Portfolio as specified in Section I after such Eligible B funds account denominated in the second Offered Currency CDSC Shares have been held for the number of years will be opened in order for such Shares to be recorded therein.

specified in Section I.

The Effective Date for these purposes Shareholders will be issued a second AB funds account shall be 30 April 2016 or such later date as is required by number and receive separate account statements with respect an account holder/financial intermediary to implement the to any such second account.

relevant enhancements necessary to process the automatic conversion.

II-9AB FCP I Conversion of E CDSC Shares Automatic Conversion Shareholders should consult their financial intermediary for E CDSC Shares, if held directly, will be converted automatically additional information on conversions.

into such other share classes of the same Portfolio as specified in Section I after such E CDSC Shares have been held for the Taxation number of years specified in Section I.

The conversion of Eligible B CDSC Shares and E CDSC Shares may give rise to a tax liability for Shareholders in E CDSC Shares, if held through a financial intermediary in an certain jurisdictions.

Shareholders should consult their tax omnibus account for which the recordkeeping on the advisor as to the tax implications of such conversion under underlying investors is maintained by the financial the laws of their home jurisdiction.

intermediary, will be converted based on the instructions of the registered owner of the omnibus account after such E CDSC Shares have been held for the number of years specfiied in Section I. II-10AB FCP I Determination of Net Asset Value short term securities that had an original term to maturity The Net Asset Value per Share of each class of Shares, that exceeded 60 days.

In instances where amortized expressed in the Currency of the Portfolio and any other cost is utilized, the Management Company must Offered Currency, will be determined by the Management reasonably conclude that the utilization of amortized cost Company as of 4:00 p.m. U.S. Eastern time on each is approximatively the same as the fair value of the Business Day.

To the extent feasible, investment income, security.

Such factors the Management Company will interest payable, fees and other liabilities (including consider include, but are not limited to, an impairment of management fees) will be accrued daily.

the creditworthiness of the issuer or material changes in interest rate In all cases, the Net Asset Value per Share of each class of Shares is determined by dividing the value of the total assets (h) fixed income securities are valued at the most recent bid of each portfolio properly allocable to such class of Shares price provided by the principal market makers; less the liabilities of such portfolio properly allocable to such (i) mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities may be class of Shares by the total number of Shares of such class valued at prices that reflect the market value of such outstanding on each Business Day.

The Net Asset Value per securities and that are obtained from a bond pricing Share of each class of Shares of a portfolio may differ as a service or at a price that reflects the market value of such result of the different fees assessed on each class of Shares securities and that is obtained from one or more of the of such portfolio.

major broker-dealers in such securities when such prices With respect to securities for which market quotations are are believed to reflect the fair market value of such readily available, the market value of a security held by a securities.

In cases where broker-dealer quotes are portfolio will be determined as follows: obtained, the Investment Manager may establish procedures whereby changes in market yields or spreads (a) securities listed on an exchange are valued at the last are used to adjust, on a daily basis, a recently obtained sale price reflected on the consolidated tape at the close quoted bid price on a security; of the exchange on the Business Day as of which such value is being determined.

If there has been no sale on (j) OTC and other derivatives are valued on the basis of a such day, the securities are valued at the mean of the quoted bid price or spread from a major broker-dealer in closing bid and asked prices on such day.

If no bid or such security; and asked prices are quoted on such day, then the security is (k) all other securities will be valued in accordance with valued in good faith at fair value by, or in accordance readily available market quotations as determined in with procedures established by, the Management accordance with procedures established by the Company; Management Company.

In the event that extraordinary (b) securities traded on more than one exchange are valued circumstances render such a valuation impracticable or in accordance with paragraph (a) above by reference to inadequate, the Management Company is authorized to the principal exchange on which the securities are follow other rules prudently and in good faith in order to traded; achieve a fair valuation of the assets of the Fund.

(c) securities traded in the over-the-counter market, The Fund values its securities at their current market value including securities listed on an exchange whose primary determined on the basis of market quotations or, if market market is believed to be over-the-counter (but excluding quotations are not readily available or are unreliable, at "fair securities traded on The Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. value" as determined in accordance with procedures ("NASDAQ")) are valued at the mean of the current bid established by and under the general supervision of the and asked prices; Management Company.

In determining whether to apply fair value pricing, the Fund considers a number of factors, such (d) securities traded on NASDAQ are valued in accordance as the Order Cut-off Time for a particular Portfolio, the close with the NASDAQ Official Closing Price; of the securities markets in which such Portfolio trades and (e) listed put or call options purchased by a portfolio are the existence of extraordinary events.

When the Fund uses valued at the last sale price.

If there has been no sale on fair value pricing, it may take into account any factors it that day, such securities will be valued at the closing bid deems appropriate.

The Fund may determine fair value prices on that day; based upon developments related to a specific security or current valuations of market indices.

The prices of securities (f) open futures contracts and options thereon will be valued used by the Fund to calculate its Net Asset Value may differ using the closing settlement price or, in the absence of from quoted or published prices for the same securities.

such a price, the most recent quoted bid price.

If there are no quotations available for the day of valuations, the Accordingly, as may also be the case with a previously last available closing settlement price will be used; reported stock exchange price, the price of any portfolio security determined utilizing fair value pricing procedures (g) U.S. Government securities and other debt instruments may be materially different from the price to be realized upon having 60 days or less remaining until maturity are the sale of such security.

generally valued at market by an independent pricing vendor, if a market price is available.

If a market price is For purposes of determining the Fund's Net Asset Value per not available, the securities are valued at amortized cost.

Share, all assets and liabilities initially expressed in a This methodology pertains to short term securities that currency other than the Currency of the Portfolio will be have an original maturity of 60 days or less, as well as converted into such currency at the mean of the current bid II-11AB FCP I and asked prices of such currency against the Currency of The swing pricing adjustment may vary by Portfolio and is the Portfolio last quoted by a major bank that is a regular dependent upon the particular assets in which a Portfolio is participant in the relevant exchange market or on the basis of invested.

The swing pricing adjustment will generally not a pricing service that takes into account the quotes provided exceed 2% of the original Net Asset Value of a Portfolio by a number of such major banks.

If such quotations are not under normal market conditions.

However, in extraordinary available as of the close of the Exchange, the rate of circumstances typically when there is heightened volatility exchange will be determined in good faith by, or under the and price discovery is challenged, the transaction costs may direction of, the Board of Managers of the Management increase dramatically and the Board may decide, in order to Company.

protect existing shareholders of a Portfolio, to increase the swing pricing adjustment beyond 2%.

The Board will publish In the event that extraordinary circumstances render such a such decision on the Fund’s website as soon as practicable valuation impracticable or inadequate, the Management thereafter.

Company is authorized to follow other rules prudently and in Investors are advised that the application of swing pricing good faith in order to achieve a fair valuation of the assets of may result in increased volatility in a Portfolio’s valuation and the Fund.

performance, and a Portfolio’s Net Asset Value may deviate Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) S.C.A.

has been from the underlying investments’ performance on a particular appointed by the Management Company to make the daily Business Day as a result of the application of swing pricing.

determination of the Net Asset Value per Share of each class Typically, such adjustment will increase the Net Asset Value of Shares of each portfolio.

The Net Asset Value in respect of per Share on a given Business Day when there are net a particular Valuation Point will be available at or around 6:00 inflows into a Portfolio and decrease the Net Asset Value per p.m. U.S. Eastern time on such Business Day.

For purposes Share when there are net outflows.

For any Portfolio that has of issues and redemptions, the Net Asset Value may be an incentive or performance fee for a particular Share Class, converted in other currencies as specified in this Prospectus.

the incentive or performance fee will be calculated on the basis of the applicable NAV without taking into account the Swing Pricing Adjustment effects of the swing pricing mechanism.

In order to counter the effects of dilution on a Portfolio’s Net For a list of portfolios of the Fund that do not apply any swing Asset Value brought about by large purchases or pricing adjustment, please refer to: redemptions of the Portfolio’s Shares, the Board has www.alliancebernstein.com/go/Swing-Pricing-Exclusion-List implemented a swing pricing policy.

Dilution involves a reduction in the Net Asset Value brought Suspension of Issue, Redemption and Exchange of about by investors purchasing, selling and/or exchanging in Shares and Calculation of Net Asset Value and out of a Portfolio of the Fund at a price that does not The Management Company may temporarily suspend the reflect the dealing costs associated with the Portfolio’s trade determination of Net Asset Value of a portfolio, and activity undertaken to accommodate the corresponding cash consequently the issue, redemption and exchange of Shares inflows or outflows.

Dilution occurs when the actual cost of of such portfolio, in any of the following events: purchasing or selling the underlying assets of a Portfolio deviates from the valuation of these assets in the Portfolio • When one or more stock exchanges or markets that due to dealing charges, taxes and any spread between the provide the basis for valuing a substantial portion of the buying and selling prices of the underlying assets.

Dilution assets of a portfolio, or when one or more foreign may have an adverse effect on the value of a Portfolio and exchange markets in the currency in which a substantial therefore impact Shareholders.

portion of the assets of the portfolio are denominated, is closed otherwise than for ordinary holidays or if dealings Under the Fund’s swing pricing policy, if on any Business therein are restricted or suspended.

Day, the aggregate net investor inflows or outflows in Shares of a Portfolio exceed a pre-determined threshold, as • When, as a result of political, economic, military or determined from time to time by the Board, the Net Asset monetary events or any circumstances outside the Value of the Portfolio may be adjusted upwards or responsibility and the control of the Management downwards to reflect the costs attributable to such net inflows Company, disposal of the assets of a portfolio is not or net outflows.

The threshold is set by the Board taking into reasonably or normally practicable without being account factors such as the prevailing market conditions, the seriously detrimental to the interests of the Shareholders.

estimated dilution costs and the size of a Portfolio.

The level • In the case of a breakdown in the normal means of of swing pricing adjustment will be reviewed and may be communication used for the valuation of any investment adjusted on a periodic basis to reflect an approximation of of a portfolio or if, for any reason, the value of any asset dealing costs as determined by the Board.

The application of of a portfolio may not be determined as rapidly and swing pricing will be triggered automatically on a daily basis accurately as required.

upon crossing the relevant threshold.

The swing pricing adjustment will be applicable to all Shares of a Portfolio (and • If, as a result of exchange restrictions or other all transactions) on that Business Day.

When reviewing and restrictions affecting the transfer of funds, transactions implementing the Fund’s swing pricing policy, the Board may on behalf of a portfolio are rendered impracticable or if receive input and expertise from various business units within purchases and sales of the portfolio's assets cannot be AB Group including inter alia the risk management, legal and effected at normal rates of exchange.

compliance, trading, and product development units.

II-12AB FCP I The decision to suspend temporarily the determination of the published in the manner prescribed for notices to Net Asset Value of Shares of a portfolio does not necessarily Shareholders under the heading "Meetings and Reports to entail the same decision for the classes of Shares of another Shareholders" in this Section II if such suspension is likely to portfolio, if the assets within such other portfolio are not exceed ten days.

affected to the same extent by the same circumstances.

Suspensions of the calculation of the Net Asset Value will be II-13AB FCP I Investment Types The following chart displays the principal investment types in Future Developments.

On an ancillary basis, each which each Portfolio may invest, but does not purport to portfolio may take advantage of other investment practices provide a complete explanation of all investment types in which that are not currently contemplated for use by the portfolio each portfolio of the Fund may invest.

This chart of investment to the extent such investment practices are consistent with types is merely illustrative and should not be construed as the portfolio's investment objective and legally permissible.

limiting a Portfolio's ability to invest in other types of securities.

Such investment practices, if they arise, may involve risks Investment types not indicated for a particular Portfolio may still that exceed those involved in the practices described be used to some extent by that Portfolio at various times herein.

subject to the restrictions in such Portfolio's stated investment objective and policies and the limitations contained in Lack of Liquidity of Certain Securities.

Certain securities "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A.

Each of these in which the Fund may invest may become subject to legal investment types is described in detail on the following pages.

or other restrictions on transfer and there may be no liquid market for such securities.

Each portfolio will maintain no Investors should further note that the Investment Manager may more than 10% of its total net assets in securities which vary a Portfolio’s holdings due to changing market conditions, have a lack of liquidity.

For this purpose, such securities as further described below.

include, among others (a) direct placements or other securities which are subject to legal or contractual Temporary Defensive Position.

Under extraordinary restrictions on resale or for which there is no readily circumstances and for a limited period, the Investment available market (e.g., trading in the security is suspended Manager may take temporary defensive measures, varying the or, in the case of unlisted securities, market makers do not investment policy of any portfolio during periods in which exist or will not entertain bids or offers), including many conditions in securities markets or other economic or political currency swaps and any assets used to cover currency conditions warrant.

The Fund may reduce a portfolio's position swaps, (b) OTC options and assets used to cover written in equity securities or long-term debt securities, as appropriate, OTC options, and (c) repurchase agreements not and increase its position in other debt securities, which may terminable within seven days.

Securities that have legal or include short-term fixed-income securities issued or contractual restrictions on resale but have a readily guaranteed by the U.S. Government or by a governmental available market are not deemed illiquid.

The Investment entity of any member state of the OECD, or by European, U.S.

Manager will monitor the liquidity of the portfolio securities or multinational companies or supranational organizations of each portfolio.

If a portfolio invests in securities having a rated AA or better by S&P or Aa or better by Moody's, or the lack of liquidity, it may not be able to sell such securities equivalent thereof by at least one IRSO, or if not so rated, and may not be able to realize their full value upon sale.

determined by the Investment Manager to be of equivalent investment quality.

Such securities may be denominated in a See paragraph (5) of "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix portfolio's base currency or in a non-base currency.

A portfolio A for a discussion of securities having a lack of liquidity in may also hold ancillary liquid assets comprised of cash and which a portfolio may invest.

money market instruments issued or guaranteed by such highly rated institutions provided their maturity is less than 120 days.

A portfolio may also at any time temporarily invest funds awaiting reinvestment or held as reserves for dividends and other distributions to Shareholders in money market instruments referred to above.

While a portfolio invests for temporary defensive purposes, it may not meet its investment objective.

II-14AB FCP I Multi-Asset/Asset Allocation oiloftroP deifisreviD cimanyD Equity Securities Types Equity Securities ● REITs ● Debt Securities Types Fixed-Income Securities ● Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities (RMBS)  ● Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities (CMBS)  ● Other Asset-Backed Securities ● Structured Securities and Basket Securities ● Other Investments Types Options, Rights and Warrants ● Futures Contracts ● Forward Commitments ● Repurchase Agreements/Reverse Repurchase Agreements ● Currency Transactions ● Swaps, Caps, Floors ● Synthetic Equity Securities ●  Unless otherwise provided for in the specific information relating to a particular portfolio contained in part I of this Prospectus, investments in Asset and Mortgage Backed Securities and Structured Securities are limited to 20% of the net assets of any portfolio II-15AB FCP I Equity oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP htworG ytiuqE ytiuqE eulaV dnelB ytilitaloV stekraM cigetartS napaJ-xE ytiuqE woL gnigremE oiloftroP oiloftroP labolG napaJ anihC aisA Equity Securities Types Equity Securities ● ● ● ● ● REITs ● ● Debt Securities Types Fixed-Income Securities Residential Mortgage- Backed Securities (RMBS)  Commercial Mortgage- Backed Securities (CMBS)  Other Asset-Backed Securities Structured Securities and Basket Securities ● Other Investments Types Options, Rights and ● ● ● ● ● Warrants Futures Contracts ● ● ● ● ● Forward Commitments ● ● ● ● ● Repurchase Agreements/Reverse Repurchase Agreements Swaps, Caps, Floors ● ● ● ● ● Synthetic Equity Securities ● ● II-16AB FCP I Fixed-Income oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP tbeD dnoB dleiY emocnI emocnI emocnI stekraM noitaruD hgiH naciremA naeporuE egagtroM labolG gnigremE trohS Equity Securities Types Equity Securities REITs Debt Securities Types Fixed-Income Securities ● ● ● ● ● ● Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities ● ● ● ● ● ● (RMBS)  Commercial Mortgage-Backed Securities ● ● ● ● ● ● (CMBS)  Other Asset-Backed Securities ● ● ● ● ● ● Structured Securities and Basket ● ● ● ● ● ● Securities Other Investments Types Options, Rights and Warrants ● ● ● ● ● ● Futures Contracts ● ● ● ● ● Forward Commitments ● ● ● ● ● Repurchase Agreements/Reverse ● ● ● ● ● ● Repurchase Agreements Currency Transactions ● ● ● ● ● ● Swaps, Caps, Floors ● ● ● ● Synthetic Equity Securities  Unless otherwise provided for in the specific information relating to a particular portfolio contained in part I of this Prospectus, investments in Asset and Mortgage Backed Securities and Structured Securities are limited to 20% of the net assets of any portfolio II-17AB FCP I Portfolios of the Fund may invest in any of the following types financing, management or sale of commercial, industrial or of investments subject to the restrictions in the Portfolio's residential real estate or interests therein or from ownership stated investment objective and policies and the limitations and servicing of real estate related loans or interests.

The contained in "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A. equity securities in which a portfolio will invest for this purpose consist of common stock, Shares of beneficial In the Investment Manager's sole discretion, a portfolio may, interest of REITs and securities with common stock for the purpose of efficient portfolio management and to hedge characteristics, such as preferred stock or convertible against market risks or provide exposure towards certain securities.

REITs are pooled investment vehicles which markets without direct purchase of the underlying assets, invest primarily in income producing real estate or real engage in various derivative strategies subject to the estate related loans or interests.

REITs are generally restrictions set out in the Fund's "Investment Restrictions" in classified as equity REITs, mortgage REITs that invest in Appendix A.

Such transactions in which such portfolio may commercial mortgages or residential mortgages, or a engage include derivative instruments such as swaps, combination of equity and mortgage REITs.

Equity REITs including interest rate swaps, total rate of return swaps and invest the majority of their assets directly in real property credit default swaps, transactions in financial futures and and derive income primarily from the collection of rents.

A portfolio may also engage in transactions in options Equity REITs can also realize capital gains by selling on portfolio securities.

A portfolio may seek to hedge its properties that have appreciated in value.

investments against currency fluctuations which are adverse to the Currency of the Portfolio by utilizing currency options, Debt Securities Types futures contracts and forward currency contracts.

The use of these derivative transactions involves certain risks and there Fixed-Income Securities.

The fixed-income obligations in can be no assurance that the objective sought to be obtained which a portfolio will invest include fixed-income securities from the use of such instruments will be achieved.

See "Risk issued by governmental entities, supranational entities, Factors" below.

companies and other entities.

Convertible Securities.

Convertible securities Equity Securities Types include bonds, debentures, corporate notes and preferred Equity Securities.

The equity securities in which a portfolio stocks that are convertible at a stated exchange rate into may invest include common stock, preferred stock, securities common stock.

Prior to conversion, convertible securities convertible into common stock or preferred stock and equity have the same general characteristics as nonconvertible interests in partnerships, trusts or other types of equity debt securities, which provide a stable stream of income securities that qualify as transferable securities.

with generally higher yields than those of equity securities of the same or similar issuers.

The price of a convertible In addition to directly purchasing securities of corporate issuers security will normally vary with changes in the price of the in various securities markets, a portfolio may invest in ADRs, underlying stock, although the higher yield tends to make EDRs, GDRs or other securities representing securities of the convertible security less volatile than the underlying companies based in countries other than the United States.

common stock.

As with debt securities, the market value of Depositary receipts may not necessarily be denominated in the convertible securities tends to decline as interest rates same currency as the underlying securities for which they may increase and increase as interest rates decline.

While be exchanged.

In addition, the issuers of the stock of convertible securities generally offer lower interest or unsponsored depositary receipts are not obligated to disclose dividend yields than nonconvertible debt securities of material information in the United States and, therefore, there similar quality, they enable investors to benefit from may not be a correlation between such information and the increases in the market price of the underlying common market value of the depositary receipts.

ADRs are depositary stock.

receipts typically issued by a U.S. bank or trust company that evidence ownership of underlying securities issued by a non- "Zero Coupon" Treasury Securities.

A portfolio U.S. corporation.

EDRs, GDRs and other types of depositary may invest in "zero coupon" Treasury securities, which are receipts are typically issued by non-U.S. banks or trust U.S. Treasury bills issued without interest coupons, U.S. companies and evidence ownership of underlying securities Treasury notes and bonds which have been stripped of issued by either a non-U.S. or an U.S. company.

Generally, their unmatured interest coupons, and receipts or ADRs, in registered form, are designed for use in the U.S. certificates representing interests in such stripped debt securities markets, and EDRs, in bearer form, are designed for obligations and coupons.

A zero coupon security pays no use in non-U.S. securities markets.

For purposes of interest to its holder during its life.

Its value to an investor determining the country of issuance, investments in depositary consists of the difference between its face value at the time receipts of either type are deemed to be investments in the of maturity and the price for which it was acquired, which is underlying securities.

generally an amount significantly less than its face value (sometimes referred to as a "deep discount" price).

A portfolio may invest in global real estate investment securities usually trade at a deep discount from their face or trusts ("REITs") and other global real estate industry par value and will be subject to greater fluctuations of companies which do not qualify as open-ended investment market value in response to changing interest rates than companies within the meaning of Luxembourg law and which debt obligations of comparable maturities which make are listed and publicly traded on stock exchanges in the United current distributions of interest.

On the other hand, because States or elsewhere.

A "real estate industry company" is a there are no periodic interest payments to be reinvested company that derives at least 50% of its gross revenues or net prior to maturity, zero coupon securities eliminate profits from the ownership, development, construction, reinvestment risk and lock in a rate of return to maturity.

II-18AB FCP I Currently the only U.S. Treasury security issued without inflation.

Repayment of the original bond principal upon coupons is the Treasury bill.

Although the U.S. Treasury does maturity (as adjusted for inflation) is guaranteed even not itself issue Treasury notes and bonds without coupons, during a period of deflation.

However, if a portfolio under the U.S. Treasury Separate Trading of Registered purchases U.S.

TIPS in the secondary market whose Interest and Principal of Securities, or STRIPS, program principal values have been adjusted upward due to inflation interest and principal payments on certain long-term Treasury since issuance, the portfolio may experience a loss if there securities may be maintained separately in the Federal is a subsequent period of deflation.

In addition, the current Reserve book entry system and may be separately traded and market value of the bonds is not guaranteed, and will owned.

In addition, in the last few years a number of banks and fluctuate.

If inflation is lower than expected during the brokerage firms have separated ("stripped") the principal period a portfolio holds a U.S.

TIPS, the portfolio may earn portions ("corpus") from the coupon portions of U.S. Treasury less on this type of security than on a conventional bond.

bonds and notes and sold them separately in the form of Inflation-protected securities of other governments may be receipts or certificates representing interests in these subject to additional or different issues and risks depending instruments (which instruments are generally held by a bank in on their structure and local markets.

Variable, Floating and Inverse Floating Rate Holders of residential mortgage-backed securities ("RMBS") Securities.

Fixed-income securities may have fixed, variable or bear various risks, including credit, market, interest rate, floating rates of interest.

Variable and floating rate securities structural and legal risks.

RMBS represent interests in pay interest at rates that are adjusted periodically, according to pools of residential mortgage loans secured by one to four a specified formula.

A "variable" interest rate adjusts at family residential mortgage loans.

Such loans may be predetermined intervals (e.g., daily, weekly or monthly), while a prepaid at any time.

Residential mortgage loans are "floating" interest rate adjusts whenever a specified benchmark obligations of the borrowers thereunder only and are not rate (such as the bank prime lending rate) changes.

typically insured or guaranteed by any other person or A portfolio may invest in fixed-income securities that pay entity, although such loans may be securitized by interest at a coupon rate equal to a base rate, plus additional government agencies and the securities issued guaranteed.

interest for a certain period of time if short-term interest rates The rate of defaults and losses on residential mortgage rise above a predetermined level or "cap."

The amount of such loans will be affected by a number of factors, including an additional interest payment typically is calculated under a general economic conditions and those in the geographic formula based on a short-term interest rate index multiple by a area where the mortgaged property is located, the terms of designated factor.

the mortgage loan, the borrower's "equity" in the mortgaged property and the financial circumstances of the borrower.

Leveraged inverse floating rate fixed-income securities are sometimes known as inverse floaters.

The interest rate on an Pass-Through Mortgage-Related Securities.

The inverse floater resets in the opposite direction from the market mortgage-related securities in which a portfolio may invest rate of interest to which the inverse floater is indexed.

An provide funds for mortgage loans made to U.S. residential inverse floater may be considered to be leveraged to the extent home buyers.

These include securities which represent that its interest rate varies by a magnitude that exceeds the interests in pools of mortgage loans made by lenders such magnitude of the change in the index rate of interest.

The as savings and loan institutions, mortgage bankers and higher degree of leverage inherent in inverse floaters is commercial banks.

Pools of mortgage loans are assembled associated with greater volatility in market value, such that, for sale to investors (such as a portfolio) by various U.S. during periods of rising interest rates, the market values of governmental, government-related and private inverse floaters will tend to decrease more rapidly than those of organizations.

fixed rate securities.

Interests in pools of mortgage-related securities differ from Inflation-Protected Securities.

A portfolio may invest in other forms of traditional debt securities, which normally certain types of government-issued inflation-protected provide for periodic payment of interest in fixed amounts securities, including U.S. Treasury Inflation Protected with principal payments at maturity or specified call dates.

TIPS") and inflation-protected securities Instead, mortgage-related securities provide a monthly issued by the governments of other nations.

TIPS are payment which consists of both interest and principal.

In fixed-income securities issued by the U.S. Department of the effect, these payments are a "pass-through" of the monthly Treasury, the principal amounts of which are adjusted daily interest and principal payments made by the individual based upon changes in the rate of inflation (currently borrowers on their residential mortgage loans, net of any represented by the non-seasonally adjusted Consumer Price fees paid to the issuer, servicer or guarantor of such Index for All Urban Consumers, calculated with a three-month securities.

Additional payments result from repayments of lag).

The U.S. Treasury currently issues U.S.

TIPS in only ten- principal resulting from the sale of the underlying residential year maturities, although it is possible that U.S.

TIPS with other property, refinancing or foreclosure, net of fees or costs maturities will be issued in the future.

TIPS have which may be incurred.

Some mortgage-related securities, previously been issued with maturities of five, ten or thirty such as securities issued by the Government National years.

TIPS pay interest on a semi-annual basis, equal to Mortgage Association ("GNMA"), are described as a fixed percentage of the inflation-adjusted principal amount.

These securities entitle the holder The interest rate on these bonds is fixed at issuance, but over to receive all interest and principal payments owed on the the life of the bond, this interest may be paid on an increasing mortgage pool, net of certain fees, regardless of whether or or decreasing principal value that has been adjusted for II-19AB FCP I not the mortgagors actually make mortgage payments when portfolio's investment quality standards.

There can be no due.

assurance that the private insurers can meet their obligations under the policies.

A portfolio may buy The investment characteristics of pass-through mortgage- mortgage-related securities without insurance or related securities differ from those of traditional fixed-income guarantees if through an examination of the loan securities.

The major differences include the payment of experience and practices of the poolers the Investment interest and principal on the mortgage-related securities on a Manager determines that the securities meet the portfolio's more frequent schedule, as described above, and the quality standards.

Although the market for such securities is possibility that principal may be prepaid at any time due to becoming increasingly liquid, securities issued by certain prepayments on the underlying mortgage loans or other private organizations may not be readily marketable.

Collateralized Mortgage Obligations and Multi- The occurrence of mortgage prepayments is affected by Class Pass-Through Securities.

Mortgage-related factors including the level of interest rates, general economic securities in which a portfolio may invest may also include conditions, the location and age of the mortgage and other collateralized mortgage obligations ("CMOs") and multi- social and demographic conditions.

Generally, prepayments on class pass-through securities.

CMOs are debt obligations pass-through mortgage-related securities increase during issued by special purpose entities that are secured by periods of falling mortgage interest rates and decrease during mortgage-backed certificates, including, in many cases, periods of rising mortgage interest rates.

Reinvestment of certificates issued by governmental or government-related prepayments may occur at higher or lower interest rates than guarantors, including GNMA, FNMA and FHLMC, together the original investment, thus affecting the yield of the portfolios.

with certain funds and other collateral.

Multi-class pass- The principal U.S. governmental (i.e., backed by the full faith through securities are equity interests in a trust composed and credit of the U.S. Government) guarantor of mortgage- of mortgage loans or other mortgage-related securities.

related securities is GNMA.

GNMA is a wholly-owned U.S. Payments of principal and interest on underlying collateral Government corporation within the Department of Housing and provide the funds to pay debt service on the CMO or make Urban Development.

GNMA is authorized to guarantee, with scheduled distributions on the multi-class pass-through the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government, the timely security.

CMOs and multi-class pass-through securities payment of principal and interest on securities issued by (collectively CMOs unless the context indicates otherwise) institutions approved by GNMA (such as savings and loan may be issued by agencies or instrumentalities of the U.S. institutions, commercial banks and mortgage bankers) and Government or by private organizations.

The issuer of a backed by pools of Federal Housing Administration-insured or CMO may elect to be treated as a Real Estate Mortgage Veterans Administration-guaranteed mortgages.

Government-related (i.e., not backed by the full faith and In a CMO, a series of bonds or certificates is issued in credit of the U.S. Government) guarantors include the Federal multiple classes.

Each class of CMOs, often referred to as a National Mortgage Association ("FNMA") and the Federal "tranche," is issued at a specific coupon rate and has a Home Loan Mortgage Corporation ("FHLMC").

FNMA is a stated maturity or final distribution date.

Principal government-sponsored corporation owned entirely by private prepayments on collateral underlying a CMO may cause it stockholders.

Pass-through securities issued by FNMA are to be retired substantially earlier than the stated maturities guaranteed as to timely payment of principal and interest by or final distribution dates.

The principal and interest on the FNMA but are not backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. underlying mortgages may be allocated among the several Government.

FHLMC is a corporate instrumentality of the U.S. classes of a series of a CMO in many ways.

In a common Government.

Participation certificates issued by FHLMC are structure, payments of principal, including any principal guaranteed as to the timely payment of interest and ultimate prepayments, on the underlying mortgages are applied to (or, in some cases, timely) collection of principal but are not the classes of the series of a CMO in a specified order, so backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. Government.

that no payment of principal will be made on certain classes of a CMO until certain other classes have been paid in full.

Commercial banks, savings and loan institutions, private mortgage insurance companies, mortgage bankers and other One or more tranches of a CMO may have coupon rates secondary market issuers also create pass-through pools of which reset periodically at a specified increment over an conventional residential mortgage loans.

Such issuers may index such as SOFR (as defined below).

These adjustable also be the originators of the underlying mortgage loans as well rate tranches known as "floating rate CMOs" will be as the guarantors of the mortgage-related securities.

Pools considered as ARMS (as defined below) by a portfolio.

created by such non-governmental issuers generally offer a Floating rate CMOs are typically issued with lifetime caps higher rate of interest than government and government- on the coupon rate thereon.

These caps, similar to the caps related pools because there are no direct or indirect on adjustable rate mortgages described in "Adjustable Rate government guarantees of payments in the former pools.

Mortgage Securities" below represent a ceiling beyond However, timely payment of interest and principal of these which the coupon rate on a floating rate CMO may not be pools is generally supported by various forms of insurance or increased regardless of increases in the interest rate index guarantees, including individual loan, title, pool and hazard to which the floating rate CMO is tied.

The insurance and guarantees are issued by Adjustable Rate Mortgage Securities.

Adjustable government entities, private insurers and the mortgage rate mortgage securities ("ARMS") in which a portfolio may poolers.

Such insurance and guarantees and the invest include (i) pass-through securities backed by creditworthiness of the issuers thereof will be considered in adjustable rate mortgages and issued by GNMA, FNMA, determining whether a mortgage-related security meets a II-20AB FCP I FHLMC and by private organizations and (ii) floating rate Government, its agencies or instrumentalities, or by private CMOs.

The coupon rates on ARMS are reset at periodic originators of, or investors in, mortgage loans, including intervals to an increment over some predetermined interest savings and loan associations, mortgage banks, rate index.

There are three main categories of indices: (i) those commercial banks, investment banks and special purpose based on U.S. Treasury securities, (ii) those derived from a subsidiaries of the foregoing.

calculated measure such as a cost of funds index or a moving SMRS are usually structured with two classes that receive average of mortgage rates and (iii) those based on short-term different proportions of the interest and principal rates such as the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), distributions on a pool of GNMA, FNMA or FHLMC Certificates of Deposit ("CDs") or the prime rate.

Many issuers certificates, whole loans or private pass-through mortgage- have selected as indices the yields of one-, three- and five-year related securities ("Mortgage Assets").

A common type of U.S. Treasury notes, the discount rate of six-month U.S. SMRS will have one class receiving some of the interest Treasury bills as reported in two Federal Reserve statistical and most of the principal from the Mortgage Assets, while releases, the monthly G.13 (415) and the weekly H.15 (519), the other class will receive most of the interest and the the CD composite, the prime rate, SOFR and other indices.

remainder of the principal.

In the most extreme case, one Additional indices may be developed in the future.

In selecting class will receive all of the interest (the interest-only or "IO" a type of ARMS for investment, the Investment Manager will class), while the other class will receive all of the principal also consider the liquidity of the market for such ARMS.

The yield to maturity on The underlying adjustable rate mortgages which back ARMS in an IO class is extremely sensitive to the rate of principal which a portfolio may invest will frequently have caps and payments (including prepayments) on the related floors which limit the maximum amount by which the loan rate underlying Mortgage Assets, and a rapid rate of principal to the residential borrower may change up or down (i) per reset prepayments may have a material adverse effect on the or adjustment interval and (ii) over the life of the loan.

Some yield to maturity of the IO class.

The rate of principal residential adjustable rate mortgage loans limit periodic prepayment will change as the general level of interest adjustments by limiting changes in the borrower's monthly rates fluctuates.

If the underlying Mortgage Assets principal and interest payments rather than limiting interest rate experience greater than anticipated principal prepayments, changes.

These payment caps may result in negative the portfolio may fail to fully recoup its initial investment in amortization (i.e., an increase in the balance of the mortgage these securities, even if the securities are rated AAA by loan).

ARMS in which a portfolio may invest may also be S&P or Aaa by Moody's or the equivalent thereof by backed by fixed-rate mortgages.

Such ARMS, known as another NRSRO.

Due to their structure and underlying cash floating rate CMOs (as described above), generally have flows, SMRS may be more volatile than mortgage-related lifetime caps on the coupon rate thereon.

securities that are not stripped.

The ARMS in which a portfolio may invest include pass- Types of Credit Support.

To lessen the effect of through mortgage-related securities backed by adjustable rate failures by obligors on underlying assets to make payments, mortgages and floating rate CMOs.

As described above, non-GNMA, -FNMA or -FHLMC mortgage-related securities adjustable rate mortgages typically have caps, which limit the are likely to contain cash flow support.

Such cash flow maximum amount by which the coupon rate may be increased support falls into two categories: (i) liquidity protection and or decreased at periodic intervals or over the life of the loan.

(ii) credit protection against losses resulting from ultimate Floating rate CMOs have similar lifetime caps.

To the extent default by an obligor on underlying assets.

Liquidity that interest rates rise faster than the allowable caps on ARMS, protection refers to the provision of advances to cover such ARMS will behave more like securities backed by fixed- delinquent (e.g., 30-60 days late) payments, generally by rate mortgages than by adjustable rate mortgage loans.

the entity administering the pool of assets, to ensure that Consequently, interest rate increases in excess of caps can be the pass-through of payments due on the underlying pool expected to cause ARMS to behave more like traditional debt occurs in a timely fashion.

Credit protection against losses securities than adjustable rate securities and, accordingly, to resulting from ultimate default enhances the likelihood of decline in value to a greater extent than would be the case in ultimate payment of the obligations on at least a portion of the absence of such caps.

the assets in the pool.

These protections may be provided through guarantees, insurance policies or letters of credit As noted above, because the coupon rates on ARMS are obtained by the issuer or sponsor from third parties, through adjusted in response to changing interest rates, fluctuations in various means of structuring the transaction, as described prices of ARMS due to changes in interest rates will be less below, or through a combination of these approaches.

than in the case of traditional debt securities.

The adjustable rate feature of ARMS will not, however, eliminate such price The ratings of securities for which third-party credit fluctuations, particularly during periods of extreme fluctuations enhancement provides liquidity protection or protection in interest rates.

Also, since many adjustable rate mortgages against losses from default are generally dependent upon only reset on an annual basis, it can be expected that the the continued creditworthiness of the enhancement prices of ARMS will fluctuate to the extent that changes in provider.

The ratings of such securities could be subject to prevailing interest rates are not immediately reflected in the reduction in the event of deterioration in the coupon rates payable on the underlying adjustable rate creditworthiness of the enhancement provider even in mortgages.

cases where the delinquency and loss experience on the underlying pool of assets is better than expected.

Stripped mortgage-related securities ("SMRS") are derivative multi-class Examples of credit support arising out of the structure of the mortgage-related securities.

SMRS may be issued by the U.S. transaction include "senior-subordinated securities" II-21AB FCP I (multiple class securities with one or more classes subordinate securitized in pass-through structures similar to the to other classes as to the payment of principal thereof and mortgage pass-through structures described above or in a interest thereon, with the result that defaults on the underlying pay-through structure similar to the CMO structure.

The assets are borne first by the holders of the subordinated class), collateral behind asset-backed securities tends to have a creation of "reserve funds" (where cash or investments, controlled or limited prepayment rate.

In addition, the short- sometimes funded from a portion of the payments on the term nature of asset-backed loans reduces the impact of underlying assets, are held in reserve against future losses) any change in prepayment level.

Due to amortization, the and "over collateralization" (where the scheduled payments on, average life for asset-backed securities is also the or the principal amount of, the underlying assets exceed those conventional proxy for maturity.

expected to be required to make payment on the securities and Because of the possibility that prepayments (on mortgage pay any servicing or other fees).

The degree of credit support loans, automobile loans or other collateral) will alter the provided for each issue is generally based on historical cash flow on asset-backed securities, it is not possible to information with respect to the level of credit risk associated determine in advance the actual final maturity date or with the underlying assets.

Other information which may be average life.

Faster prepayment will shorten the average life considered includes demographic factors, loan underwriting and slower prepayments will lengthen it.

However, it is practices and general market and economic conditions.

possible to determine what the range of the movement Delinquency or loss in excess of that which is anticipated could could be and to calculate the effect that it will have on the adversely affect the return on an investment in such a security.

price of the security.

Structured Securities and Basket Securities.

A portfolio Commercial mortgage-backed securities are securities that may invest in various types of structured securities and represent an interest in, or are secured by, mortgage loans basket securities.

Structured securities in which a portfolio secured by multifamily or commercial properties, such as invests may represent, for example, interests in entities industrial and warehouse properties, office buildings, retail organized and operated solely for the purpose of space and shopping malls, and cooperative apartments, hotels restructuring the investment characteristics of particular and motels, nursing homes, hospitals and senior living centers.

This type of restructuring involves Commercial mortgage-backed securities have been issued in the deposit with or purchase by an entity, such as a public and private transactions by a variety of public and corporation or trust, of specified instruments and the private issuers using a variety of structures, some of which issuance by that entity of one or more classes of structured were developed in the residential mortgage context, including securities backed by, or representing interests in, the multi-class structures featuring senior and subordinated underlying instruments.

The cash flow on the underlying classes.

Commercial mortgage-backed securities may pay instruments may be apportioned among the newly issued fixed or floating-rates of interest.

The commercial mortgage structured securities to create securities with different loans that underlie commercial mortgage-backed securities investment characteristics such as varying maturities, have certain distinct risk characteristics.

Commercial mortgage payment priorities and interest rate provisions, and the loans generally lack standardized terms, which may complicate extent of the payments made with respect to structured their structure, tend to have shorter maturities than residential securities is dependent on the extent of the cash flow on mortgage loans and may not be fully amortizing.

Commercial the underlying instruments.

Structured securities of a given properties themselves tend to be unique and are more difficult class may be either subordinated or unsubordinated to the to value than single-family residential properties.

In addition, right of payment of another class.

Subordinated structured commercial properties, particularly industrial and warehouse securities typically have higher yields and present greater properties, are subject to environmental risks and the burdens risks than unsubordinated structured securities.

and costs of compliance with environmental laws and regulations.

Basket securities in which a portfolio invests may consist of entities organized and operated for the purpose of holding a Commercial mortgage-backed securities, like all fixed-income basket of fixed-income obligations of various issuers or a securities, generally decline in value as interest rates rise.

basket of other transferable securities.

Baskets involving Moreover, although generally the value of fixed-income fixed-income obligations may be designed to represent the securities increases during periods of falling interest rates, this characteristics of some portion of the fixed-income inverse relationship may not be as marked in the case of securities market or the entire fixed-income securities single-family residential mortgage-backed securities due to the market.

increased likelihood of prepayments during periods of falling interest rates in the case of commercial mortgage-backed Subject to the Fund's Investment Restrictions set out in securities.

The process used to rate commercial mortgage- Appendix A, a portfolio may invest in structured securities backed securities may focus on, among other factors, the and basket securities.

structure of the security, the quality and adequacy of collateral Collateralized Debt Obligations.

Collateralized Debt and insurance, and the creditworthiness of the originators, Obligations ("CDOs") are instruments representing servicing companies and providers of credit support.

interests, generally divided into tranches, in pools, the Other Asset-Backed Securities.

A portfolio may invest in underlying asset classes of which may include certain fixed certain high quality asset-backed securities.

Through the use of income securities, such as asset-backed securities, trusts, special purpose corporations and other vehicles, various corporate leveraged loans, other CDOs, credit default types of assets, including automobile and credit card swaps and other derivatives.

There are a variety of receivables, home equity loans and equipment leases, may be different types of CDOs, including CDOs collateralized by II-22AB FCP I trust preferred securities and asset-backed securities and contract at a specified price on a specified date.

A CDOs collateralized by corporate loans and debt securities "purchase" of a futures contract means the incurring of an called collateralized loan obligations ("CLOs").

CDOs may obligation to acquire the securities, foreign currencies or issue several types of securities or tranches, including, without commodity indices called for by the contract at a specified limitation, CDO and CLO equity, multi-sector CDO equity, trust price on a specified date.

The purchaser of a futures preferred CDO equity and CLO debt.

CDO equity tranches contract on an index agrees to take or make delivery of an may be unrated or non-investment grade.

CDOs are subject to amount of cash equal to the differences between a credit, liquidity and interest rate risks, which are each specified multiple of the value of the index on the expiration discussed in greater detail below.

date of the contract ("current contract value") and the price at which the contract was originally struck.

No physical Other Investments Types delivery of the securities underlying the index is made.

A Portfolio may also invest in options on futures contracts, Options, Rights and Warrants.

An option gives the which are options that call for the delivery of futures purchaser of the option, upon payment of a premium, the right contracts upon exercise.

Options on futures contracts to deliver to (in the case of a put) or receive from (in the case written or purchased by a portfolio will be traded on an of a call) the writer of such option a specified amount of a exchange or OTC and will be used only for efficient security (or, in the case of an option on an index, cash) on or management of its securities portfolio.

before a fixed date at a predetermined price.

A call option written by a portfolio is "covered" if the portfolio owns the Forward Commitments.

Forward commitments for the underlying security, has an absolute and immediate right to purchase or sale of securities may include purchases on a acquire that security upon conversion or exchange of another "when-issued" basis or purchases or sales on a "delayed security it holds, or holds a call option on the underlying delivery" basis.

In some cases, a forward commitment may security with an exercise price equal to or less than that of the be conditioned upon the occurrence of a subsequent event, call option it has written.

A put option written by a portfolio is such as approval and consummation of a merger, corporate covered if the portfolio holds a put option on the underlying reorganization or debt restructuring (i.e., a "when, as and if securities with an exercise price equal to or greater than that of issued" trade).

the put option it has written.

When forward commitment transactions are negotiated, the A call option is for cross-hedging purposes if a portfolio does price is fixed at the time the commitment is made, but not own the underlying security but seeks to provide a hedge delivery and payment for the securities take place at a later against a decline in value of another security that the portfolio date.

Normally, the settlement date occurs within two owns or has the right to acquire.

A portfolio would write a call months after the transaction, but settlements beyond two option for cross-hedging purposes, instead of writing a covered months may be negotiated.

Securities purchased or sold call option, when the premium to be received from the cross- under a forward commitment are subject to market hedge transaction would exceed that which would be received fluctuations, and no interest or dividends accrue to the from writing a covered call option, while at the same time purchaser prior to the settlement date.

achieving the desired hedge.

The use of forward commitments enables a portfolio to Rights and warrants entitle the holder to buy equity securities protect against anticipated changes in interest rates and at a specific price for a specific period of time.

For instance, in periods of rising interest rates and invest in rights or warrants only if the underlying equity falling bond prices, a portfolio might sell securities held by it securities themselves are deemed appropriate by the on a forward commitment basis to limit its exposure to Investment Manager for inclusion in the relevant portfolio.

falling prices.

In periods of falling interest rates and rising Rights are generally issued to existing Shareholders of an bond prices, a portfolio might sell a security held by it and issuer and in some countries are referred to as "preferential purchase the same or a similar security on a when-issued subscription rights."

Rights are similar to warrants except that or forward commitment basis, thereby obtaining the benefit they have a substantially shorter duration.

Rights and warrants of currently higher cash yields.

However, if the Investment may be considered more speculative than certain other types Manager were to forecast incorrectly the direction of of investments in that they do not entitle a holder to dividends interest rate movements, the portfolio concerned might be or voting rights with respect to the underlying securities nor do required to complete such when-issued or forward they represent any rights in the assets of the issuing company.

transactions at a price inferior to the then current market The value of a right or warrant does not necessarily change values.

When-issued securities and forward commitments with the value of the underlying security, although the value of may be sold prior to the settlement date, but a portfolio will a right or warrant may decline because of a decrease in the enter into when-issued and forward commitments only with value of the underlying security, the passage of time or a the intention of actually receiving securities or delivering change in perception as to the potential of the underlying them, as the case may be.

If a portfolio chooses to dispose security, or any combination of these factors.

If the market of the right to acquire a when-issued security prior to its price of the underlying security is below the exercise price set acquisition or dispose of its right to deliver or receive out in the warrant on the expiration date, the warrant will expire against a forward commitment, it may incur a gain or loss.

Moreover, a right or warrant ceases to have value if Any significant commitment of a portfolio's assets to the it is not exercised prior to the expiration date.

purchase of securities on a "when, as and if issued" basis may increase the volatility of such portfolio's Net Asset Futures Contracts.

A "sale" of a futures contract means the Value.

In the event the other party to a forward acquisition of a contractual obligation to deliver the securities commitment transaction were to default, the portfolio might or foreign currencies or commodity indices called for by the II-23AB FCP I lose the opportunity to invest money at favorable rates or to particular country to an amount equal to the aggregate dispose of securities at favorable prices.

amount of the portfolio's transactions in that currency, or such greater or lesser amount as may be required to Efficient Portfolio Management Techniques accommodate for unrealized gains or losses in a portfolio or to adjust for subscription and redemption activity giving rise Subject to the conditions and within the limits laid down in the to the purchase or sale of underlying portfolio securities.

Law of 2010 as well as any circulars issued by the CSSF from Such outstanding currency positions opened for the time to time, and in particular the CSSF Circular 14/592 purpose of a transaction hedge are not required to be transposing the ESMA/2014/937 Guidelines for competent adjusted unless any excess of the amount of such a authorities and UCITS management companies - Guidelines transaction hedge over the aggregate market value from on ETFs and other UCITS issues (the "ESMA Guidelines"), a time-to-time of portfolio securities denominated or quoted in portfolio may employ techniques and instruments relating to such currency exceeds 0.50% of the portfolio’s net assets.

transferable securities and money market instruments, such as When a portfolio believes that a currency in which its securities lending and repurchase agreement transactions, investments are denominated may suffer a substantial provided that such techniques and instruments are used for the decline against the Currency of the Portfolio, it may enter purpose of efficient portfolio management.

For further into a forward sale contract to sell an amount of that other information about efficient portfolio management techniques currency approximating the value of some or all of its employed by the Fund, see "Appendix C: Additional investments denominated in such foreign currency, or when Information relating to Financial Derivative Instruments, a portfolio believes that the Currency of the Portfolio may Financial Techniques and Instruments and Collateral suffer a substantial decline against another currency it may Management."

enter into a forward purchase contract to buy that other Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Agreements.

A currency for a fixed amount in the Currency of the Portfolio reverse repurchase agreement arises when the Fund "buys" a ("position hedge").

A portfolio generally may position hedge security from a counterparty and simultaneously agrees to sell with respect to a particular currency to an amount equal to it back to the counterparty at an agreed-upon future date and the aggregate market value (at the time of making such price.

In a repurchase transaction, the Fund "sells" a security to sale) of the securities held in its portfolio denominated or a counterparty and simultaneously agrees to repurchase it quoted in that currency, or such greater or lesser amount as back from the counterparty at an agreed-upon future date and may be required to accommodate for unrealized gains or price.

The repurchase price is the sum of repurchase losses in a portfolio or to adjust for subscription and agreement principal plus an agreed interest rate for the period redemption activity giving rise to the purchase or sale of the buyer's money is invested in the security.

Such underlying portfolio securities.

Such outstanding currency agreements provide the Investment Manager with additional positions opened for the purpose of a position hedge are flexibility to pursue the portfolio’s investment objective.

not required to be adjusted unless any excess of the amount of such a position hedge over the aggregate market Currency Transactions.

Transactions in currencies may value from time-to-time of portfolio securities denominated include options, forwards, futures and swaps and are subject to or quoted in such currency exceeds 0.50% of the portfolio’s a number of risks, in particular, the risk posed by fluctuations in net assets.

As an alternative to a position hedge, a portfolio the market price of currency contracts.

may enter into a forward contract to sell a different foreign Options on Currencies.

As in the case of other kinds currency for a fixed amount, in the Currency of the Portfolio, of options, the writing of an option on a currency constitutes where such portfolio believes that the value in the Currency only a partial hedge, up to the amount of the premium of the Portfolio of the currency to be sold pursuant to the received, and the portfolio concerned could be required to forward contract will fall whenever there is a decline in the purchase or sell currencies at disadvantageous exchange value, in the Currency of the Portfolio, of the currency in rates, thereby incurring losses.

The purchase of an option on a which portfolio securities of such portfolio are denominated currency may constitute an effective hedge against fluctuations ("cross-hedge").

Unanticipated changes in currency prices in exchange rates although, in the event of rate movements may result in poorer overall performance for a portfolio than adverse to the portfolio's position, it may forfeit the entire if had not entered into such forward foreign currency amount of the premium plus related transaction costs.

exchange contracts.

Hedging against a decline in the value of a currency does not eliminate fluctuations in the prices of Forward Foreign Currency Exchange Contracts.

A portfolio securities or prevent losses if the prices of such portfolio may purchase or sell forward foreign currency securities decline.

Such transactions also preclude the exchange contracts to reduce or obtain exposure to the opportunity for gain if the value of the hedged currency Currency of the Portfolio, the currency of an underlying should rise.

Moreover, it may not be possible for a portfolio investment and/or other currencies.

A forward foreign currency to hedge against a devaluation that is so generally exchange contract is an obligation to purchase or sell a specific anticipated that the portfolio is not able to contract to sell currency for an agreed price at a future date, and is individually the currency at a price above the devaluation level it negotiated and privately traded.

A portfolio may enter into a forward foreign currency exchange Swaps, Caps, Floors.

A portfolio may enter into swaps contract, for example, when it enters into a contract for the (including interest rate swaps), may purchase and sell purchase or sale of a security denominated in a foreign interest rate caps, may purchase or sell floors and may buy currency in order to "lock in" the price, in the Currency of the and sell options on all the aforementioned transactions.

A portfolio may Portfolios expect to enter into these transactions to engage in transaction hedges with respect to the currency of a II-24AB FCP I preserve a return or spread on a particular investment or If there is a default by the other party to such a transaction, portion of a portfolio or for other hedging purposes.

A portfolio the portfolio will have contractual remedies pursuant to the may also enter into these transactions to protect against any agreements related to the transactions.

increase in the price of securities the portfolio anticipates Credit Default Swaps.

A portfolio may enter into a purchasing at a later date or to manage the duration of a credit default swap, or CDS, with institutions subject to portfolio.

Interest rate swaps involve the exchange by a prudential supervision, and belonging to the categories portfolio with another party of their respective commitments to approved by the CSSF referencing any of the pay or receive interest (e.g., an exchange of floating-rate aforementioned eligible investments for hedging purposes payments for fixed-rate payments).

The purchase of an interest or speculation.

When used for hedging purposes, the rate cap would entitle a portfolio, to the extent that a specified portfolio will be the buyer of a CDS contract.

In this case, a index exceeds a predetermined interest rate, to receive portfolio will pay to the counterparty a periodic stream of payments of interest on a contractually based notional amount payments over the term of the CDS, in return for a right to from the party selling the interest rate cap.

The purchase of an exchange the debt obligation or cash settlement in lieu interest rate floor would entitle a portfolio to the extent that a thereof for par value (or other agreed-upon value) upon the specified index falls below a predetermined interest rate, to occurrence of a "credit event" on the issuer of the specified receive payments of interest on a contractually based notional debt obligation.

If a credit event does not occur, a portfolio amount from the party selling the interest rate floor.

The sale will have spent the stream of payments received on the of an interest rate cap would require that portfolio, to the extent CDS without having received any benefit.

Conversely, that a specified index rises above a predetermined interest when a portfolio is the seller of a CDS, it receives the rate, to make payments of interest on a contractually based stream of payments and is obligated to pay to the notional amount to the party purchasing the cap in exchange counterparty par value (or other agreed-upon value) of the for receipt of a premium by the portfolio.

The sale of an referenced debt obligation in exchange for the debt interest rate floor would require that a portfolio, to the extent obligation or cash settlement in lieu thereof upon the that a specified index falls below a predetermined interest rate, occurrence of such a credit event.

As the seller, a portfolio to make payments of interest on a contractually based notional will be subject to the credit risk of the issuer since it will amount to the party purchasing the interest rate floor.

have to look to the issuer in order to be made whole.

A A portfolio may enter into swaps, caps and floors on either an portfolio may invest in single name, index, tranche, basket asset-based or liability-based basis, depending on whether it is or bespoke CDS transaction.

hedging its assets or its liabilities, and will usually enter into Total Return Swaps and Other Financial Derivative swaps on a net basis (i.e., the two payment streams are netted Instruments with Similar Characteristics.

In case where a out, with the portfolio receiving or paying, as the case may be, portfolio enters into a total return swap or invests in other only the net amount of the two payments).

The net amount of financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics, the excess, if any, of the relevant portfolio's obligations over its the assets held by the portfolio must comply with the entitlements with respect to each swap will be accrued on a diversification limits set out in Articles 43, 44, 45, 46 and 48 daily basis.

If a portfolio enters into a swap on other than a net of the Law of 2010.

At the same time, pursuant to Article basis, the portfolio will maintain a segregated account in the full 42(3) of the Law of 2010 and Article 48(5) of CSSF amount accrued on a daily basis of the portfolio's obligations Regulation 10-4, the Management Company must ensure with respect to the swap.

The Investment Manager will monitor that the underlying exposures of the total return swap or of the creditworthiness of counterparties to its swap, cap and floor the other financial derivative instruments with similar transactions on an ongoing basis.

characteristics are taken into account to calculate the The use of swaps (including caps and floors) involves portfolio investment limits laid down in accordance with investment techniques and risks different from those Article 43 of the Law of 2010. associated with ordinary portfolio securities transactions.

If the In addition, where a portfolio enters into a total return swap Investment Manager is incorrect in its forecasts of the market or invests in other financial derivative instruments with values, interest rates and other applicable factors, the similar characteristics, the underlying exposure gained investment performance of the portfolio would diminish directly or via a recognized index, must be in line with the compared with what it would have been if these investment relevant portfolio’s investment objective and policy set out techniques were not used.

Moreover, even if the Investment in Section I of this prospectus.

Manager is correct in its forecasts, there is a risk that the swap position may correlate imperfectly with the price of the asset or The counterparties to such type of transactions must be liability being hedged.

highly rated financial institutions specialized in this type of transaction and are selected from a list of authorized Currency Swaps.

Currency swaps involve the counterparties established by the Investment Manager.

individually negotiated exchange by a portfolio with another party of a series of payments in specified currencies.

A Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant part of Section currency swap may involve the delivery at the end of the I relating to a specific portfolio, the counterparty has no exchange period of a substantial amount of one designated discretion over the composition or management of the currency in exchange for the other designated currency.

portfolio’s investments or of the underlying assets or Therefore the entire principal of a currency swap is subject to reference index of the financial derivative instrument.

If, for the risk that the other party to the swap will default on its a specific portfolio, the counterparty has any discretion over contractual delivery obligations.

The net amount of the excess, the composition or management of the portfolio’s if any, of the portfolio's obligations over its entitlements with investments or of the underlying assets of the financial respect to each currency swap will be accrued on a daily basis.

derivative instruments, the agreement between the portfolio II-25AB FCP I and the counterparty should be considered as an investment the underlying common stock at the outset.

In the case of management delegation arrangement and should comply with any exercise of warrants, there may be a time delay the UCITS requirements on delegation.

In such case, the part between the time a holder of warrants gives instructions to of Section I relating to the relevant portfolio will describe the exercise and the time the price of the related common stock details of the agreement.

relating to exercise or settlement date is determined, during which time the price of the underlying security could change A portfolio that enters into a total return swap or invests in significantly.

In addition, the exercise or settlement date of other financial derivative instruments with similar the warrants may be affected by certain market disruption characteristics is subject to the risk of counterparty default events, such as the imposition of capital controls by a local which may affect the return of the shareholders of this portfolio.

jurisdiction or changes in the laws relating to investors in For more information on this risk and other risks applicable to other jurisdictions.

These events could lead to a change in such type of transactions, investors should refer to "Risk the exercise date or settlement currency of the warrants, or Factors" below and more specifically to the "Derivatives Risk" postponement of the settlement date.

In some cases, if the provisions thereof.

market disruption events continue for a certain period of Synthetic Equity Securities.

The portfolios may invest in time, the warrants may become worthless resulting in a synthetic equity securities, referred to as "local access total loss of the purchase price of the warrants.

products" or "participation notes" or "low exercise price The portfolios will acquire such instruments issued by warrants".

These instruments are typically issued by banks or entities deemed to be creditworthy by the Investment other financial institutions, and may or may not be traded on an Manager, who will monitor the creditworthiness of the exchange.

These instruments are a form of derivative security issuers on an on-going basis.

Investments in these that may give holders the right to buy or sell an underlying instruments involve the risk that the issuer of the instrument security or a basket of securities representing an index, in may default on its obligation to deliver the underlying accordance with Article 41 (1) of the Law of 2010, from or to security or cash in lieu thereof.

These instruments may the issuer for a particular price or may entitle holders to receive also be subject to liquidity risk because there may be a a cash payment relating to the value of the underlying security limited secondary market for trading the warrants.

or index.

These instruments are similar to options in that they are exercisable by the holder for an underlying security or the The portfolios may also invest in long-term options of, or value of that security, but are generally exercisable over a relating to, certain issuers.

Long-term options are call longer term than typical options.

These instruments typically options created by an issuer, typically a financial institution, have an exercise price, which is fixed at the time of issuance.

entitling the holder to purchase from the issuer outstanding securities of another issuer.

Long-term options have an These instruments entitle the holder to purchase from the initial period of one year or more, but generally have terms issuer common stock of a company or receive a cash payment.

between three and five years.

Long-term options do not The cash payment is calculated according to a predetermined settle through a clearing corporation that guarantees the formula.

The instruments typically have an exercise price that performance of the counterparty.

Instead, they are traded is very low relative to the market price of the underlying on an exchange and are subject to the exchange's trading instrument at the time of issue (e.g., one U.S. cent).

The buyer regulations.

of a low exercise price warrant effectively pays the full value of II-26AB FCP I Risk Factors Certain countries require governmental approval prior to investments by foreign persons or limit investment by foreign General Risks persons to only a specified percentage of an issuer's outstanding securities or a specific class of securities that Each portfolio is involved in the business of investing in may have less advantageous terms (including price) than securities, which entails certain risks.

The following general securities of the company available for purchase by risk factors apply to all Portfolios of the Fund.

These restrictions or controls may at times limit or Country Risks—General.

A portfolio may invest in preclude investment in certain securities and may increase securities of issuers located in various countries and the costs and expenses of a portfolio.

In addition, the geographic regions.

The economies of individual countries repatriation of investment income, capital, or the proceeds of may differ favorably or unfavorably from each other in such sales of securities from certain countries is controlled under respects as growth of gross domestic product or gross regulations, including in some cases the need for certain national product, rate of inflation, capital reinvestment, advance government notification or authority.

If deterioration resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments position.

occurs in a country's balance of payments, the country could Issuers in general are subject to varying degrees of impose temporary restrictions on foreign capital remittances.

regulation with respect to such matters as insider trading A portfolio also could be adversely affected by delays in, or a rules, restrictions on market manipulation, shareholder proxy refusal to grant, any required governmental approval for requirements and timely disclosure of information.

The repatriation, as well as by the application of other restrictions reporting, accounting and auditing standards of issuers may on investment.

Investing in local markets may require a differ, in some cases significantly, from country to country in portfolio to adopt special procedures that may involve important respects and less information from country to additional costs to the portfolio.

These factors may affect the country may be available to investors in securities or other liquidity of the portfolio's investments in any country and the assets.

Investment Manager will monitor the effect of any such factor or factors on the portfolio's investments.

Nationalization, expropriation or confiscatory taxation, currency blockage, political changes, government regulation, Cybersecurity Risk.

As part of the Fund’s business, the political or social instability or diplomatic developments could Management Company and Investment Manager process, affect adversely the economy of a country or a portfolio's store and transmit large amounts of electronic information, investments in such country.

In the event of expropriation, including information relating to the transactions of the Fund nationalization or other confiscation, a portfolio could lose its and personally identifiable information of the Shareholders.

entire investment in the country involved.

In addition, laws in Similarly, service providers of the Fund may process, store countries governing business organizations, bankruptcy and and transmit such information.

The Management Company insolvency may provide limited protection to security holders and Investment Manager have procedures and systems in such as a portfolio.

place that they believe are reasonably designed to protect such information and prevent data loss and security Portfolios which invest essentially in securities whose issuers breaches.

However, such measures cannot provide absolute are domiciled in only one country will have greater exposure security.

The techniques used to obtain unauthorized access to market, political and economic risks of that country than to data, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems portfolios that have more geographically diversified change frequently and may be difficult to detect for long investments.

Portfolios which invest in securities whose periods of time.

Hardware or software acquired from third issuers are domiciled in multiple countries will have less parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other exposure to the risks of any one country, but will be exposed problems that could unexpectedly compromise information to a larger number of countries.

Network connected services provided by third A portfolio may trade its securities in a variety of markets with parties to the Management Company and Investment many different brokers and dealers.

The failure of a broker or Manager may be susceptible to compromise, leading to a dealer may result in the complete loss of a portfolio's assets breach of the Management Company’s or Investment on deposit with such broker or dealer depending on the Manager’s network.

Systems, facilities or online services may regulatory rules governing such broker or dealer.

In addition, be susceptible to employee error or malfeasance, brokerage commissions in certain countries may be higher government surveillance, or other security threats.

Breach of than in others, and securities markets in certain countries the Management Company’s or Investment Manager’s may be less liquid, more volatile and less subject to information systems may cause information relating to the governmental supervision than in others.

transactions of the Fund and personally identifiable information of the Shareholders to be lost or improperly The securities markets of many countries are also relatively accessed, used or disclosed.

small, with the majority of market capitalization and trading volume concentrated in a limited number of companies The service providers of the Management Company, representing a small number of industries.

Consequently, a Investment Manager and the Fund are subject to similar portfolio invested in equity securities of companies in such electronic information security threats.

If a service provider countries may experience greater price volatility and fails to adopt or adhere to adequate data security policies, or significantly lower liquidity than a portfolio invested solely in in the event of a breach of its networks, information relating equity securities of companies in countries with relatively to the transactions of the Fund and personally identifiable larger securities markets.

These smaller markets may be information of the Shareholders may be lost or improperly subject to greater influence by adverse events generally accessed, used or disclosed.

affecting the market, and by large investors trading significant The loss or improper access, use or disclosure of the Fund’s blocks of securities.

Securities settlements may in some proprietary information may cause the Fund to suffer, among instances be subject to delays and related administrative other things, financial loss, the disruption of its business, uncertainties.

II-27AB FCP I liability to third parties, regulatory intervention or reputational • the ability to suspend redemptions in certain damage.

Any of the foregoing events could have a material situations adverse effect on the Fund and the Shareholders’ investments therein.

Shareholders should be aware that the implementation of such liquidity risk management tools may, in certain Liquidity Risk.

A security or position of a Portfolio could circumstances, affect their redemption rights or the become hard to value, sell, or sell at the at the desired time or redemption price of their Shares.

price and as such may impact the Portfolio’s ability to meet redemption requests.

For more information on the liquidity risk management tools, please refer to the following sections of the Prospectus: "How Overview to Redeem Shares","Determination of the Net Asset Value" Liquidity risk can occur due to various factors including the and "Borrowing risk".

types of securities, restrictions on selling, and market conditions.

Prices and yields of many securities can change Some securities are less liquid such as, inter alia, below frequently, sometimes with significant volatility, and can fall, Investment Grade debt securities, small-capitalization based on a wide variety of factors.

Examples of these factors equities, securities from emerging market issuers, 144A include: issuances and securities that represent a small issue, trade infrequently or are traded on markets that are comparatively • political and economic news; small or have long settlement times.

• government policy; Hard to sell securities often require more time and higher costs, including brokerage and other transaction fees, than • changes in technology and business practices; the sale of more liquid securities.

• changes in demographics, cultures and populations; Liquidity risk may be increased during extreme market • health crises (i.e.

pandemic and epidemic diseases); conditions such as, inter alia, economic, market or political events, adverse investor perceptions, or the sudden change, • natural or human-caused disasters; possibly without warning, to the market of particular issuers, industries, or investment category.

• weather and climate patterns; • scientific or investigative discoveries; and Liquidity risk and impacts on specific asset classes may change overtime and unexpectedly as markets, trading, and • costs and availability of energy, commodities and instruments evolve.

Impact to the Portfolios The public’s fear and/or response to the above-mentioned diseases or events may have now, or in the future, adverse In extreme market conditions, due to, inter alia, the lack of effects on a Fund’s investments and NAV and may lead to willing buyers, it may be impossible or more expensive for a increased market volatility.

The occurrence and duration of Portfolio to liquidate its positions or holdings.

Consequently, such diseases or events may also adversely affect the the Portfolio may be obliged to accept a lower price or may economies and financial markets in specific countries or not be able to sell the investments at all.

The effects of market risk can be immediate or gradual, short-term or long-term, or narrow or broad.

An inability to sell securities may adversely affect a Portfolio’s value or prevent such Portfolio from being able to take advantage of new investment opportunities.

Currency Risk.

Underlying investments of a portfolio may be denominated in one or more currencies different than that Liquidity risk may also impact the Portfolio’s ability to meet in which such portfolio is denominated.

This means currency redemption requests, raise cash, and/or pay out proceeds movements in such underlying investments may significantly holdings within the necessary time period.

affect the Net Asset Value in respect of such portfolio's Shares.

Investments by the portfolios that are denominated Large redemption requests may also cause liquidity risk.

In in a particular currency are subject to the risk that the value order to meet large redemption requests, the Portfolio will of such currency will change in relation to one or more other typically have to sell the most liquid securities first or sell less currencies.

Among the factors that may affect currency liquid securities at a potentially discounted price.

values are trade balances, the level of short-term interest rates, differences in relative values of similar assets in Liquidity risk management tools different currencies, long-term opportunities for investment and capital appreciation and political developments.

The In order to mitigate liquidity risks the Fund has implemented portfolios are not limited in the percentage of its assets that liquidity risk management tools to help manage the liquidity of may be denominated in currencies other than the Currency of the Portfolios in various ways, such as: the Portfolio.

• redemption gates • swing pricing The Investment Manager will take into account, and may hedge to reduce the risk of, such risks by investing in one or • temporary borrowing in order to meet redemption more currencies, futures contracts on multiple currencies and request options thereon, forward currency exchange contracts on multiple currencies, or any combination thereof.

The II-28AB FCP I Investment Manager is not obligated to engage in such Hedging strategies in connection with Currency Hedged currency hedging transactions and may elect to do so in its Share Classes may be entered into whether the portfolio’s sole discretion.

No assurance can be made that such base currency is declining or increasing in value relative to currency hedging strategies will be effective.

In addition, a the relevant Offered Currency in which the Currency Hedged portfolio may seek active speculative investment Share Class in question is denominated and so, where such opportunities by taking long or short positions in currencies hedging is undertaken it may substantially protect investors in through use of currency-related derivatives such as currency the relevant Currency Hedged Share Class against a options and forward contracts, subject to certain limitations in decrease in the value of the portfolio’s base currency relative such portfolio’s investment objective and policies.

Such to the Offered Currency in which such Currency Hedged currency transactions involve a significant degree of risk and Share Class is denominated, but at the same time it may also the markets in which currency exchange transactions are prevent investors from benefiting from an increase in the effected may be highly volatile.

value of the portfolio’s base currency relative to the Offered Currency.

In addition, because the Shares of certain portfolios are offered in more than one currency, such portfolio and holders Given that there is no segregation of liabilities between the of the Shares are subject to certain additional currency risks.

various share classes within a portfolio, there is a remote risk For example, such portfolio may be subject to the risk of an that, under certain circumstances, currency hedging unfavorable change in the Dollar/Euro rate of exchange in transactions in relation to a Currency Hedged Share Class respect of Euro subscriptions accepted on a particular Trade could result in liabilities which might affect the Net Asset Date but for which actual Euro subscription amounts are not Value of the other share classes of the same Portfolio, in received by the Depositary until a subsequent Trade Date.

which case assets of the other share classes of the Portfolio Also, the portfolio may be subject to the risk of a decline in may be used to cover the liabilities incurred by such Currency the value of the Dollar relative to the Euro subsequent to a Hedged Share Class.

Euro redemption and prior to the payment of Euro redemption amounts to the redeeming Shareholder.

Partial Duration Hedged Share Class Risk.

Certain portfolio share classes apply a partial duration hedging Additionally, when a portfolio quotes its Shares' Net Asset strategy which aims to reduce the impact of an increase in Values in a currency other than the Currency of the Portfolio, interest rates movements.

The partial duration hedging such values are derived from the spot foreign exchange rate strategy is designed to reduce, however it may not eliminate, of the other Offered Currency on each Valuation Point.

the interest rate risk of the overall portfolio in the Partial Accordingly, the total return ultimately realized by a Duration Hedged Share Class.

Shareholder upon redemption in respect of an investment in Shares made in such other Offered Currency will be directly Shareholders should be aware that investments in Partial affected, either positively or negatively, by changes in the Duration Hedged Share Classes of a portfolio are expected exchange rate between such other Offered Currency and the to outperform the relevant portfolio’s performance when Currency of the Portfolio from the date of subscription to the interest rates rise.

Conversely, there is a risk that, where date of redemption.

All expenses related to converting interest rates are stable or falling, Partial Duration Hedged subscription and redemption amounts into and out of the Share Classes may underperform the overall portfolio’s Currency of the Portfolio and other Offered Currencies are performance.

borne by the portfolio concerned and attributed to the Shares Hedging strategies relating to Partial Duration Hedged Share of such portfolio.

Classes seek to mitigate the effect of rising interest rates The Distributor occasionally may arrange for foreign without impacting credit risk.

However, duration risk and exchange facilities that allow investors to use certain credit risk in fixed-income products may be negatively currencies other than the Offered Currencies of a portfolio for correlated, and so hedging interest rate risk may in some subscription and redemption of Shares.

Such transactions circumstances result in higher exposure to downside credit are conducted outside of the Fund and at the investor's own risk.

Investors utilizing such facilities may be With respect to the financial derivative instruments used for subject to foreign exchange risks related to timing of duration hedging purposes, a portfolio may be required to settlement upon subscription and changes in exchange rates transfer cash or Treasuries to counterparties as collateral.

during the period of investment in the Fund.

Consequently, the Partial Duration Hedged Share Class may Currency Hedged Share Class Risk.

The precise hedging be allocated a greater proportion of cash than the other strategy applied to a particular Currency Hedged Share Class Share Classes.

The impact on performance resulting from will vary from one portfolio offering Currency Hedged Share such larger cash balances may be positive or negative, and Class(es) to another, as set out in Section I.

Each such will impact only the relevant Partial Duration Hedged Share portfolio will apply a hedging strategy which aims to mitigate Class.

currency risk between the base currency Net Asset Value Shareholders in Partial Duration Hedged Share Classes (NAV) of the Portfolio and the Offered Currency in which the should also be aware that the duration hedging strategies Currency Hedged Share Class is denominated, while taking employed by the Investment Manager may only partially account of various practical considerations including hedge duration.

Furthermore, there is no guarantee that such transaction costs.

The hedging strategy employed is hedging strategies will be successful.

designed to reduce, but may not eliminate, currency exposure between the Portfolio’s base currency and the Borrowing Risk.

A portfolio may borrow from a bank or Offered Currency.

other entity in a privately arranged transaction for temporary purposes, which includes for purposes of redeeming Shares, in an amount not exceeding 10% of the value of the Portfolio's total assets.

Borrowing creates an opportunity for a II-29AB FCP I portfolio to finance the limited activities described above ameliorate the effect of such taxation.

In other cases, no without the requirement that portfolio securities be liquidated such double-taxation treaty may exist.

For example, a at a time when it would be disadvantageous to do so.

Any portfolio may invest in equity securities of U.S. issuers.

investment income or gains on, or savings in transaction Dividends on the equity securities of U.S. corporations costs made through the retention of, portfolio securities in generally will be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax.

excess of the interest paid on and the other costs of the Interest payments on certain debt obligations of U.S. obligors borrowings will cause the net income or Net Asset Value per similarly may be subject to a 30% U.S. withholding tax.

Share of the Shares to be greater than would otherwise be Distributions on the non-U.S. securities in which the Portfolio the case.

On the other hand, if the income or gain, if any, on invests, including ADRs, EDRs and GDRs, may be subject to the securities retained fails to cover the interest paid on and taxes withheld by the country of residence of the issuer of the the other costs of the borrowing, the net income or Net Asset underlying securities.

In general, these taxes will be neither Value per Share of the Shares will be less than would refundable nor subject to reduction under an income tax otherwise be the case.

treaty between the country of source and the country of residence of the Fund.

No assurance can be given that Loans of Portfolio Securities.

A portfolio may make applicable tax laws and interpretations thereof will not be secured loans of its securities.

The risks in lending changed or amended in the future in a manner that will securities, as with other extensions of credit, consist of adversely affect the Net Asset Value of the Shares.

possible loss of rights in the collateral should the borrower fail financially.

In addition, a portfolio will be exposed to the risk FATCA and Certain Withholding Risk.

The Foreign that the sale of any collateral realized upon the borrower's Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"), a portion of the default will not yield proceeds sufficient to replace the loaned 2010 Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act, became securities.

In determining whether to lend securities to a law in the United States in 2010.

It generally requires particular borrower, the Investment Manager will consider all financial institutions outside the U.S. ("foreign financial relevant facts and circumstances, including the institutions" or "FFIs") to pass information about "Financial creditworthiness of the borrower.

While securities are on Accounts" held by "Specified U.S.

Persons", directly or loan, the borrower may pay the portfolio concerned any indirectly, to the U.S. tax authorities on an annual basis, or income from the securities.

The portfolio may invest any else become subject to withholding tax on certain U.S. cash collateral in money market instruments, thereby earning source income and possibly gross proceeds.

additional income, or receive an agreed upon amount of income from a borrower who has delivered equivalent In order to avoid a U.S. withholding tax of 30% on certain collateral.

The portfolio may have the right to regain record payments (including payments of gross proceeds) made with ownership of loaned securities or equivalent securities in respect to certain actual and deemed U.S. investments, the order to exercise ownership rights such as voting rights, Fund and/or each portfolio generally will be required to timely subscription rights and rights to dividends, interest or register with the IRS and agree to identify, and report distributions.

A portfolio may pay reasonable finders,' information with respect to certain of their direct and indirect administrative and other fees in connection with a loan.

U.S. account holders (including debtholders and equityholders).

Luxembourg has signed a Model 1A Distributions out of capital risk.

For Distribution Classes, (reciprocal) inter-governmental agreement with the United including Classes paying a distribution rate determined by the States (the "US IGA") to give effect to the foregoing Board of Managers, Classes paying a stable distribution rate withholding and reporting rules.

So long as the Fund per Unit, and share classes paying a distribution rate based complies with the US IGA and the enabling legislation, the on gross income, a Portfolio may pay distributions equal to all Investment Manager anticipates that the Fund will not be or in excess of the net income attributable to such subject to the related U.S. withholding tax.

Distribution Classes.

As a result, distributions in such Distribution Classes may be paid out of the capital of a A non-U.S. investor in the Fund will generally be required to Portfolio.

Such distributions may come from gross income provide to the Fund (or in certain cases, a distributor, (before reduction for fees and expenses), realized and intermediary or certain other entities through which such non- unrealized gains and capital attributable to the relevant U.S. investor invests (each, an "Intermediary")) information Distribution Classes.

Investors should note that distributions which identifies its direct and indirect U.S. ownership.

Under in excess of net income (gross income less fees and the US IGA, any such information provided to the Fund will expenses) may represent a return of the investor’s original be shared with the Luxembourg Minister of Finance or its investment amount and as such may result in a decrease in delegate (the "Luxembourg MOF"), unless such U.S. the Net Asset Value per Unit for the relevant share class and ownership is exempt from the reporting rules.

The reduce capital accumulation.

Distributions out of capital may Luxembourg MOF will provide the information reported to it be taxed as income in certain jurisdictions.

For further with the IRS annually on an automatic basis.

A non-U.S. information about the distribution policy of a particular share investor that is a "foreign financial institution" within the class, refer to the relevant portfolio details of a Portfolio in meaning of Section 1471(d)(4) of the IRC will also generally Part I. be required to timely register with the IRS and agree to identify, and report information with respect to certain of its There is no guarantee that distributions will be made.

A high own direct and indirect U.S. account holders (including distribution yield does not necessarily imply a positive or high debtholders and equityholders).

A non-U.S. investor who return.

fails to provide such information to the Fund (or, if applicable, an Intermediary) or timely register and agree to identify and Taxation Risk.

A portfolio may be subject to taxation report information with respect to such account holders (as resulting, for example, from income or realized capital gains applicable), may be subject to the 30% withholding tax with attributable to certain portfolio securities.

In certain cases, a respect to its share of any such payments attributable to double-taxation treaty may exist and serve to eliminate or actual and deemed U.S. investments of the Fund, and the II-30AB FCP I Management Company may take any action in relation to an Sustainability risks.

Sustainability risk means an investor's Shares or redemption proceeds to ensure that such environmental, social, or governance event or condition that, withholding is economically borne by the relevant investor if it occurs, could potentially or actually cause a material whose failure to provide the necessary information or comply negative impact on the value of a Sub-fund’s with such requirements gave rise to the withholding, subject investment.

Sustainability risks can either represent a risk of to applicable laws and regulations and provided that the their own or have an impact on other risks and may Management Company acts in good faith and on reasonable contribute significantly to risks, such as market risks, grounds.

Shareholders should consult their own tax advisors operational risks, liquidity risks or counterparty regarding the possible implications of these rules on their risks.

Sustainability risks may have an impact on long-term investments in the Fund.

Assessment of sustainability risks is complex and may be based on Non-U.S. shareholders may also be required to make certain environmental, social, or governance data which is difficult to certifications to the Fund as to the beneficial ownership of the obtain and incomplete, estimated, out of date or otherwise Shares and the non-U.S. status of such beneficial owner, in materially inaccurate.

Even when identified, there can be no order to be exempt from U.S. information reporting and guarantee that these data will be correctly assessed.

backup withholding on a redemption of Shares.

It is possible that further inter-governmental agreements Consequent impacts to the occurrence of sustainability risk ("future IGAs") similar to the US IGA may be entered into with can be many and varied according to a specific risk, region or other third countries by the Luxembourg Government to asset class.

Generally, when sustainability risk occurs for an introduce similar regimes for reporting to such third countries' asset, there will be a negative impact and potentially a loss of fiscal authorities ("foreign fiscal authorities").

its value and therefore an impact on the net asset value of the concerned Portfolio.

By investing (or continuing to invest) in the Fund, investors shall be deemed to acknowledge that: 1. the Fund (or its agent or an Intermediary) may be required to disclose to the Luxembourg MOF certain confidential information in relation to the investor, including, but not limited to, the investor's name, address, tax identification number (if any), social security number (if any) and certain information relating to the investor's investment; 2. the Luxembourg MOF may provide information as outlined above with the IRS, the Luxembourg Minister of Finance and other foreign fiscal authorities; 3. the Fund (or its agent or an Intermediary) may disclose to the IRS, the Luxembourg Minister of Finance and other foreign fiscal authorities certain confidential information when registering with such authorities and if such authorities contact the Fund (or its agent directly) with further enquiries; 4. the Fund or an Intermediary may require the investor to provide additional information and/or documentation which the Fund or an Intermediary may be required to disclose to the Luxembourg MOF; 5. in the event an investor does not provide the requested information and/or documentation and/or has not itself complied with the applicable requirements, the Fund reserves the right to take any action and/or pursue all remedies at its disposal, including, without limitation, action to ensure that any withholding imposed in respect of such investor's Shares or redemption proceeds is economically borne by such investor and compulsory redemption of the investor concerned; and 6. no investor affected by any such action or remedy shall have any claim against the Fund (or its agent) for any form of damages or liability as a result of actions taken or remedies pursued by or on behalf of the Fund in order to comply with FATCA, any of the US IGA or any future IGAs, or any of the relevant underlying legislation and regulations.

II-31AB FCP I Portfolio Risks.

The following chart displays the principal risks of each "General Risks" above.

Risks not indicated for a particular Portfolio, but does not purport to provide a complete Portfolio may, however, still apply to some extent to that explanation of the risks associated with acquiring and holding Portfolio at various times, and not every risk applicable to an Shares in each portfolio of the Fund.

For information on the investment in a Portfolio may be shown.

Each of these risk general risks associated with each Portfolio, please see factors is described in detail on the following pages.

Multi-Asset/Asset Allocation oiloftroP deifisreviD cimanyD Investment Strategy Risks Country Risk—Emerging Markets ● Country Risks – China Focused Portfolio Risk Dynamic Asset Allocation Risk ● Allocation Risk ● Turnover Risk ● Smaller Capitalization Companies Risk ● Financial Instruments Risk Derivatives Risk ● OTC Derivatives Counterparties Risk ● Commodity-Related Risk ● Structured Instruments Risk ● Equity Securities Risks Equity Securities Risk ● Debt Securities Risks Fixed-Income Securities Risk—General ● Fixed-Income Securities Risk—Lower-Rated ● and Unrated Instruments Credit Risk—Sovereign Debt Obligations ● Credit Risk—Corporate Debt Obligations ● Securities Lending Risk Sustainability Risks ● II-32AB FCP I Equity oiloftroP htworG dnelB stekraM ytiuqE gnigremE oiloftroP labolG Investment Strategy Risks Country Risk—Emerging ● ● Markets Country Risks – China Focused Portfolio Risk Dynamic Asset Allocation Risk Allocation Risk ● Turnover Risk ● ● Smaller Capitalization ● Companies Risk Financial Instruments Risks Derivatives Risk ● ● OTC Derivatives ● ● Counterparty Risk Commodity-Related Risk Structured Instruments Risk Equity Securities Risks Equity Securities Risk ● ● Debt Securities Risks Fixed-Income Securities ● Risk—General Fixed-Income Securities Risk Lower-Rated and Unrated Instruments Credit Risk—Sovereign Debt Obligations Credit Risk—Corporate Debt Obligations Securities Lending Risk ● ● Sustainability Risks ● ● II-33AB FCP I oiloftroP oiloftroP ytiuqE ytiuqE eulaV ytilitaloV cigetartS napaJ-xE woL oiloftroP napaJ anihC aisA Investment Strategy Risks Country Risk—Emerging ● ● Markets Country Risks - China ● Focused Portfolio Risk ● ● Dynamic Asset Allocation Risk Allocation Risk ● Turnover Risk ● ● ● Smaller Capitalization ● ● Companies Risk Financial Instruments Risks Derivatives Risk ● ● ● OTC Derivatives ● ● ● Counterparty Risk Commodity-Related Risk Structured Instruments Risk Equity Securities Risks Equity Securities Risk ● ● ● Debt Securities Risks Fixed-Income Securities Risk—General Fixed-Income Securities Risk Lower-Rated and Unrated Instruments Credit Risk—Sovereign Debt Obligations Credit Risk—Corporate Debt Obligations Securities Lending Risk ● ● ● Sustainability Risks ● ● ● II-34AB FCP I Fixed-Income oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP oiloftroP tbeD dnoB dleiY emocnI emocnI stekraM emocnI noitaruD hgiH naciremA naeporuE gnigremE egagtroM oiloftroP labolG trohS Investment Strategy Risks Country Risk—Emerging Markets ● ● ● ● ● Country Risks – China ● Liquidity Risk ● ● ● ● ● ● Focused Portfolio Risk ● ● ● Allocation Risk ● ● Turnover Risk ● ● ● ● ● ● Smaller Capitalization Companies Risk Financial Instruments Risks Derivatives Risk ● ● ● ● ● ● OTC Derivatives Counterparty Risk ● ● ● ● ● ● Commodity-Related Risk Structured Investments Risk ● ● ● ● ● ● Equity Securities Risks Equity Securities Risk Debt Securities Risks Fixed-Income Securities Risk— ● ● ● ● ● ● General Fixed-Income Securities Risk— ● ● ● ● ● Lower-Rated and Unrated Instruments Credit Risk—Sovereign Debt ● ● ● ● ● ● Obligations Credit Risk—Corporate Debt ● ● ● ● ● ● Obligations Securities Lending Risk Sustainability Risks ● ● ● ● ● ● II-35AB FCP I Investment Strategy Risks supervision.

Russian securities are not on physical deposit with the Depositary or its local agents in Russia.

Therefore, Each portfolio engages in a business involving special neither the Depositary nor its local agents in Russia can be considerations and risks, including some or all of those considered to be performing a physical safekeeping or discussed below.

There can be no assurance that the custody function in the traditional sense.

The Depositary's portfolio's investment objective will be achieved or that there liability only extends to its own negligence and willful default will be any return of capital, and investment results may vary and to negligence and willful misconduct of its local agents in substantially on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis.

An Russia and does not extend to losses due to the liquidation, investment in a portfolio does not represent a complete bankruptcy, negligence and willful default of any registrar.

In investment program.

the event of such losses, the Fund will have to pursue its rights against the issuer and/or its appointed registrar.

A portfolio may be permitted to invest in securities of emerging market issuers.

Country Risks – China.

A portfolio consequently may experience greater price volatility and significantly lower liquidity than a portfolio The legal rights of investors in China are uncertain, invested solely in equity securities of issuers located in more government intervention is common and unpredictable, developed markets.

Investments in securities of emerging investors from outside China are subject to holding limits and market issuers entail significant risks in addition to those reporting requirements (which could change at any time customarily associated with investing in securities of issuers without notice), and some major trading and custody systems in more developed markets, such as (i) low or non-existent are unproven.

Investments in China are also subject to trading volume, resulting in a lack of liquidity and increased emerging/frontier markets risks.

volatility in prices for such securities, as compared to In China, it is uncertain whether a court would protect the securities of comparable issuers in more developed capital portfolio’s rights to securities it may purchase, including the markets, (ii) uncertain national policies and social, political right to take legal action, via the QFI scheme, the China and economic instability, increasing the potential for Connect Scheme (defined below), or other methods whose expropriation of assets, confiscatory taxation, high rates of regulations are untested and subject to change.

inflation or unfavorable diplomatic developments, (iii) possible The China regulatory, legal and tax framework for capital fluctuations in exchange rates, differing legal systems and markets may not be as well developed as developed the existence or possible imposition of exchange controls, countries and changes to law, regulations and tax legislation custodial restrictions or other laws or restrictions applicable to could affect a portfolio’s investment in China.

Additionally, such investments, (iv) national policies which may limit a there may be less publicly available information of Chinese portfolio's investment opportunities such as restrictions on companies and such information may be less reliable as investment in issuers or industries deemed sensitive to Chinese companies are subject to accounting standard that national interests, and (v) the lack or relatively early differ in significant respect to those companies established in development of legal structures governing private and foreign developed countries.

As such, the lower levels of disclosure investments and private property.

and transparency may impact the value of investments in Other risks relating to investments in emerging market China.

issuers include: the availability of less public information on In China, the government maintains two forms of its currency, issuers of securities; settlement practices that differ from the renminbi (RMB).

Internal renminbi (CNY) is used inside those in more developed markets and may result in delays or China only, is not freely convertible and is subject to may not fully protect a portfolio against loss or theft of assets; exchange controls.

External renminbi (CNH) is used outside the possibility of nationalization of a company or industry and China, can be owned by anyone and is freely tradeable expropriation or confiscatory taxation; and the imposition of outside of China but still subject to control, limits and foreign taxes.

Investments in emerging markets securities will availability.

Currently, the exchange rate between CNY and also result in generally higher expenses due to: the costs of CNH is based on market supply and demand but with an currency exchange; higher brokerage commissions in certain element of government management and control as well as emerging markets; and the expense of maintaining securities the potential for the government to impose or modify with foreign custodians.

restrictions on conversion of CNY to CNH.

Thus the Issuers in emerging markets may not be subject to portfolio’s investments in China are subject to an additional accounting, auditing and financial reporting standards and layer of currency risk (between CNH and CNY), which will be requirements comparable to those to which companies in affected by market forces as well as government policies and developed markets are subject.

In certain emerging market actions and can result in significant volatility and liquidity risk.

countries, reporting standards vary widely.

As a result, China Connect.

A portfolio may invest directly or traditional investment measurements used in developed indirectly in eligible China A shares ("China Connect markets, such as price/earnings ratios, may not be applicable Securities") through the China Connect Scheme, including in certain emerging markets.

investment in financial instruments and other market access In addition to the above risks generic to all emerging markets, products linked to China Connect Securities.

The China there are specific risks linked to investing in Russia.

Investors Connect Scheme is a securities trading and clearing linked should be aware that the Russian market presents specific program developed by, amongst others, The Stock Exchange risks in relation to the settlement and safekeeping of of Hong Kong Limited (SEHK), Shanghai Stock Exchange securities as well as in the registration of assets, where (SSE), Shenzhen Stock Exchange (SZSE) (together with registrars are not always subject to effective government SSE, each a China Connect Market), Hong Kong Securities II-36AB FCP I Clearing Company Limited (HKSCC) and China Securities HKSCC will record interests in such China Connect Depository and Clearing Corporation Limited (ChinaClear), Securities in the CCASS stock account of the relevant with an aim to achieve mutual stock market access between CCASS clearing participant.

HKSCC will be deemed the legal mainland China and Hong Kong.

Under the China Connect owner of such securities holding their beneficial entitlement Scheme, the Shanghai Connect and the Shenzhen Connect on behalf of the clearing participant who has a direct or operate independently from each other although subject to indirect custody arrangement with the portfolio’s custodian.

substantially similar regulatory framework and the SEHK is Such China Connect Securities will be recorded in a nominee subject to potential suspension of trading to ensure an account opened by HKSCC with ChinaClear, and orderly and fair market.

Northbound investors retain rights and interest in such securities according to applicable law.

As the China Connect Scheme is relatively new, it remains not fully developed, the rules governing it and trading are A portfolio investing through the Northbound Trading Link will subject to changes, and the availability of securities and be recognised as ultimate owner of China Connect products may fluctuate.

Accordingly, trading on the China Securities.

A portfolio may exercise its rights through HKSCC Connect Scheme has additional risks such as liquidity, as nominee holder and retain actual control of voting rights counterparty and best execution.

Additionally, the various for China Connect Securities.

HKSCC, as nominee, does not rights of the portfolio associated with investing in China guarantee the title to China Connect Securities held through Connect Securities are still undefined and may differ from it and is under no obligation to enforce title or other rights more developed markets.

associated with ownership on behalf of beneficial owners (such as the portfolio).

As such, the precise nature and rights A portfolio may invest in China Connect Securities through a of a portfolio, investing through the Northbound Trading Link, "Northbound Trading Link" offered by China Connect as beneficial owner is not fully defined and subject to Scheme, subject to applicable rules and regulations issued additional risks.

from time to time.

Under the Northbound Trading Link, a portfolio, through its Hong Kong brokers and a securities Should a portfolio suffer losses resulting from the trading service company established by SEHK respectively in performance or insolvency of HKSCC, the portfolio would Shanghai (for trading under the Shanghai Connect) and have no direct legal recourse against HKSCC, because Shenzhen (for trading under the Shenzhen Connect), place applicable law does not recognize any direct legal orders to trade China Connect Securities listed on each relationship between HKSCC and either the portfolio or the relevant China Connect Market by routing orders to that depositary.

Should ChinaClear default, HKSCC’s contractual relevant China Connect Market.

liabilities will be limited to assisting participants with claims.

A portfolio’s attempts to recover lost assets could involve Under the China Connect Scheme, HKSCC, also a wholly considerable delays and expenses and may not be owned subsidiary of Hong Kong Exchanges and Clearing successful.

Limited (HKEx), will be responsible for the clearing and settlement and for the provision of depository, nominee and Some China Connect Securities, predominantly shares of other related services of the trades executed by Hong Kong innovative growth enterprises, are traded on ChiNext.

market participants and investors.

China Connect Securities ChiNext is part of the SZSE’s multitiered capital market.

held in broker and custody account at the Central Clearing Investing on ChiNext may contain different risks from that and Settlement System (CCASS) operated by HKSCC may investing China Connect Securities on other markets.

be vulnerable to default or bankruptcy of HKSCC/CCASS.

A portfolio may invest in mainland China Connect Securities eligible for trading on the China securities via the QFI scheme.

Investing through a FII Northbound Trading Link include certain shares listed on the license involves its own risks.

A portfolio’s ability to make the SSE and SZSE and are subject to change and to various relevant investments or to fully implement or pursue its conditions for eligibility.

investment objective and strategy is subject to the applicable laws, rules and regulations (including restrictions on All trading in China Connect Securities is made in RMB which investments and repatriation of principal and profits) in the may not be the base currency of a portfolio.

People's Republic of China ("PRC", which are subject to Trading on the China Connect Scheme is subject to a daily change and such change may have potential retrospective quota that limits the maximum net buy value of cross-border effect.

A portfolio may suffer substantial losses if the approval trades via the Northbound Trading Link and such quota may of QFI status ie being revoked / terminated or otherwise change and affect the availability of buy orders.

invalidated as such portfolio may be prohibited from trading of relevant securities and repatriation of such portfolio’s China Connect Securities are held in ChinaClear.

HKSCC is monies, or if any of the key operators or parties (including a direct participant in ChinaClear and China Connect QFI custodian / brokers) is bankrupt / in default and/or is Securities acquired by investors through Northbound Trading disqualified from performing its obligations (including will be recorded in the name of HKSCC in the nominee execution or settlement of any transaction or transfer of securities account opened by HKSCC with ChinaClear, with monies or securities).

HKSCC the nominee holder of such China Connect Securities, and will be held under the depository of Investing through the QFI scheme involves repatriation and ChinaClear and registered in the name of HKSCC in the liquidity risks as the market is regulated by the State shareholders’ register of the listed companies on the relevant Administration of Foreign Exchange (SAFE) and the People’s China Connect Market.

Bank of China ("PBOC"), which may take actions outside the investment manager’s control.

Although the relevant QFI regulations have been revised to relax certain regulatory II-37AB FCP I restrictions on the onshore investment and capital Co., Ltd. (SCH) for all CIBM bond transactions, settlement management by QFIs (including but not limited to removing risk still exists.

DVP practices in the PRC may differ from investment quota limit and simplifying process for repatriation those in developed markets.

For example, settlement may be of investment proceeds), it is subject to uncertainties as to subject to a delay of several hours or longer rather than being how well it will be implemented in practice.

On the other instantaneous.

Where the counterparty does not perform its hand, the amended QFI regulations are also enhancing obligations under a transaction or there is otherwise a failure ongoing supervision on QFIs in terms of information due to CCDC or SCH, a portfolio may sustain losses.

disclosure among other aspects.

In particular, QFIs are Investments in the CIBM are subject to regulatory and tax required to procure their underlying clients (such as the risks, as the CIBM is relatively new and has a short operating portfolio investing in mainland China securities via the QFI history.

As the applicable CIBM laws, regulations and legal scheme) to comply with PRC disclosure of interests rules and requirements are equally new, they are subject to change, make the required disclosure on behalf of such underlying including tax exemptions relating to CIBM purchases, and clients.

In addition, the China Securities Regulatory their interpretation and enforcement involve significant Commission (CSRC) may also require QFIs to report the uncertainty.

Any change in existing law, regulations, policies offshore hedging positions related to their domestic and practices in the PRC, including potentially retroactive investment.

The information reported may include information changes, may also impact Chinese companies and on the portfolio as applicable.

transactions in their securities.

PRC laws governing business In addition, the nature of enforcement actions and future organisations, bankruptcy and insolvency may provide regulatory changes cannot be predicted.

substantially less protection to security holders than the laws of more developed countries.

These factors (individually or AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited, a subsidiary of the combined) could adversely affect a portfolio.

investment manager, has obtained the QFI status.

A portfolio may invest in the CIBM as a foreign institutional CIBM.

A portfolio may invest directly or indirectly in investor (see "Foreign Access Regime" and "Bond Connect" debt instruments through the China Interbank Bond Market below).

Although there is no quota limitation under CIBM (CIBM).

The CIBM is an over-the-counter market outside the Rules for either of these methods, a portfolio’s onshore two main stock exchanges in China and generally amounts to settlement agent or registration agent must file information over 90% of total trading volume by bond value in China.

The with the PBOC about the portfolio’s investments and must CIBM is regulated and supervised by PBOC.

update the filings for any significant changes.

The PBOC Trading on the CIBM is subject to relevant rules promulgated supervises the onshore settlement agent and the Fund’s by the PBOC including, but not limited to, the Announcement trading, and may take administrative actions such as (2016) No.

3 and other rules for listing, trading and suspension of trading and mandatory exit against the Fund operations (CIBM Rules).

A portfolio is permitted to invest in and/or the investment manager in the event of non- the CIBM as a foreign institutional investor in accordance compliance with CIBM Rules.

CIBM securities may be held with CIBM Rules such as the Announcement (2016) No.

3 directly or indirectly by an entity trading on CIBM.

(Foreign Access Regime) or the Interim Measures for the As a most recent regulatory development, in September Administration of Mutual Bond Market Access between 2020, PBOC, CSRC and SAFE jointly released a consultation Mainland China and Hong Kong (Decree No.1 [2017]) (Bond draft regarding investment in China’s bond markets by Connect).

foreign institutional investors, which, if formally promulgated, The main debt instruments traded on the CIBM include will bring changes to access filing, custody model and other government bonds, corporate bonds, bond repurchase aspects of foreign investor’s investment in CIBM.

transactions, bond loans, PBOC bills and other financial debt Foreign Access Regime.

Under this method, a instruments.

The CIBM is in early stages of development, foreign institutional investor that wishes to invest directly in and therefore the market capitalisation and trading volume the CIBM can do so via an onshore settlement agent, who is may be lower than those of more developed markets.

The responsible for making the relevant filings and account PBOC is responsible for establishing rules for listing, trading openings with the relevant authorities.

Once an account is and functioning rules of the CIBM, and for supervising the established, securities may be traded via bilateral negotiation market operators of the CIBM.

While there are no quota or via click-and-deal.

Bilateral negotiation is applied to all restrictions under the current CIBM, the repatriation of funds inter-bank products and uses the China Foreign Exchange from the PRC may be subject to the restrictions in the futures Trading System & National Interbank Funding Centre if such restrictions are promulgated by the PBOC.

Any future (CFETS), a unified trading platform for the CIBM.

One-click restrictions on repatriation of funds from the PRC may impact trading is only applied to cash bonds and interest rate a portfolio’s ability to meet redemptions.

Trading through the CIBM involves liquidity risk.

Bid/offer A market-maker mechanism by which a third party entity spreads of CIBM-traded securities may be large, and for ensures bilateral quotations for bonds was introduced in 2001 securities with low trading volumes may fluctuate and can provide lower trading and settlement costs.

Bond significantly.

A portfolio may incur significant trading and transactions must be conducted by way of bilateral trading realization costs and may even suffer losses when selling through independent negotiations on a transaction-by- such securities.

transaction basis.

Bid and ask prices for primary bond Although delivery-versus-payment (DVP) settlement is the transactions and repurchase interest rates must be dominant method used by the China Central Depository & determined independently by the parties to the transaction.

Clearing Co., Ltd. (CCDC) and the Shanghai Clearing House Both parties typically send instructions for delivery of bonds II-38AB FCP I and funds and provide for delivery on the agreed date.

capital gains arising from the disposal of PRC bonds, it is Depending on the type of bonds traded on the CIBM, the possible the PRC could consider the portfolio subject to PRC clearing and settlement institution will be CCDC or SCH.

Corporate Income Tax.

This would have various impacts, When trading via the Foreign Access Regime, CIBM such as taxes on interest, dividends and capital gains.

securities are held in the name of portfolio in one of its local Focused Portfolio Risk.

Certain Portfolios may invest in a accounts (currently either CCDC or SCH).

limited number of issuers, industries or sectors or countries CIBM Direct RFQ Trading.

In September 2020, and may therefore be subject to greater volatility than a CIBM direct RFQ trading service was launched by CFETS.

portfolio invested in a larger or more diverse array of Under such service, foreign investors under Foreign Access securities.

Such concentration could expose such investors Regime may solicit cash bond trading with domestic market to losses disproportionate to market movements in general if makers by requesting for quotation (RFQ) and confirm the there are disproportionately greater adverse price trades in CFETS system.

As a novel arrangement under movements in securities in which the Portfolio is invested.

Foreign Access Regime, CIBM direct RFQ trading may be Market or economic factors affecting issuers, industries or subject to further adjustments and uncertainties in sectors in which the Portfolio’s investments are concentrated implementation, which may have an adverse impact on the could have a significant effect on the value of the portfolio's portfolio’s investment to the extent the portfolio transacts via investments.

CIBM direct RFQ trading mechanism.

Dynamic Asset Allocation Risk.

The allocation of Under Foreign Access Regime, as all filings, registrations investments among different global asset classes may have a and account openings must be carried out by third parties, a significant effect on the Portfolio’s performance when one of portfolio may be exposed to counterparty and operational these asset classes is performing more poorly than others.

As both the direct investments and derivative positions may Bond Connect.

In 2017, a second northbound be periodically rebalanced to reflect the Investment trading link, Bond Connect, became available to foreign Manager’s view of market and economic conditions, there will investors.

Bond Connect is the common name for the Interim be transaction costs which may be, over time, significant.

In Measures for the Administration of Mutual Bond Market addition, there is a risk that certain asset allocation decisions Access between Mainland China and Hong Kong (Decree may not achieve the desired results and, as a result, the No.1 [2017]).

Governed by the authorities of mainland China, Portfolio may incur significant losses.

Bond Connect allows mutual bond market access between Allocation Risk.

This is the risk that the allocation of Hong Kong and mainland China established by CFETS, investments between growth and value companies may have CCDC, SCH, HKEx and Central Moneymarkets Unit (CMU).

a more significant effect on a portfolio's Net Asset Value All bonds traded by eligible foreign investors will be when one of these styles is performing more poorly than the registered in the name of the CMU, which holds the bonds as other.

Also, the transaction costs of rebalancing a portfolio's nominee.

investments may be, over time, significant.

Under Bond Connect, eligible foreign investors must appoint Turnover Risk.

A portfolio may be actively managed and, in the CFETS or other institutions recognised by the PBOC as some cases in response to market conditions, the portfolio's registration agents to apply for registration with the PBOC.

A higher rate of portfolio An offshore custody agent recognised by the Hong Kong turnover increases brokerage and other expenses, which Monetary Authority (currently, CMU) must open omnibus must be borne by a portfolio and its Shareholders.

High nominee accounts with the onshore custody agent portfolio turnover also may result in the realization of recognised by the PBOC (currently, CCDC and SCH).

substantial net short term capital gains, which, when Credit Ratings.

A portfolio may invest in securities distributed, may be taxable to Shareholders.

the credit ratings of which are assigned by the Chinese local In addition, a portfolio may experience relatively higher credit rating agencies.

However, the rating criteria and turnover attributable to investors in a particular country where methodology used by such agencies may be different from such portfolio is available for purchase.

This activity may those adopted by most of the established international credit adversely affect such portfolio's performance and the rating agencies.

Therefore, such rating system may not interests of long-term investors.

Volatility resulting from provide an equivalent standard for comparison with securities excessive purchases and redemptions or exchanges of rated by international credit rating agencies.

Shares, especially involving large dollar amounts, may Urban Investment Bonds.

Risks of Urban Investment disrupt efficient portfolio management.

In particular, a Bonds, which are issued by Local Government Financing portfolio may have difficulty implementing long-term Vehicles (LGFVs), include the risk of financial difficulties of investment strategies if it is unable to anticipate what portion the underlying operations.

of assets it should retain in cash to provide liquidity to Shareholders.

Also, excessive purchases and redemptions or China Taxation.

Investments in mainland China exchanges of Shares may force a portfolio to maintain a securities are subject to additional tax regimes.

For example, disadvantageously large cash position to accommodate short certain investment in PRC resident enterprise may be subject duration trading activity.

Further, excessive purchases and to a withholding income tax.

redemptions or exchanges of a portfolio's Shares may force a Although the investment manager intends to operate the portfolio to sell portfolio securities at inopportune times to portfolio to minimise the impact of PRC taxation and to take raise cash to accommodate short duration trading activity.

action to address any tax impacts, such as income tax on Additionally, portfolios may incur increased expenses if one II-39AB FCP I or more Shareholders engage in excessive purchase and requires an understanding not only of the underlying redemption or exchange activity.

For example, a portfolio instrument but also of the derivative itself, without the that is forced to liquidate investments due to short duration benefit of observing the performance of the derivative trading activity may incur increased brokerage and tax costs under all possible market conditions.

In particular, the without attaining any investment advantage.

Similarly, a use and complexity of derivatives require the portfolio may bear increased administrative costs as a result maintenance of adequate controls to monitor the of the asset level and investment volatility that accompanies transactions entered into, the ability to assess the risk patterns of short duration trading activity.

that a derivative adds to a portfolio and the ability to forecast price, interest rate or currency exchange rate Smaller Capitalization Companies Risk.

A Portfolio may movements correctly.

invest in securities of companies with relatively small market capitalizations.

Securities of these smaller capitalization • Credit Risk.

This is the risk that a loss may be sustained companies may be subject to more abrupt or erratic market by a portfolio as a result of the failure of another party to movements than the securities of larger, more established a derivative (usually referred to as a "counterparty") to companies, both because the securities are typically traded comply with the terms of the derivative contract.

The in lower volume and because the companies are subject to credit risk for exchange-traded derivatives is generally greater business risk.

Also, in certain emerging market less than for privately negotiated derivatives, since the countries, volatility may be heightened by actions of a few clearing house, which is the issuer or counterparty to major investors.

For example, substantial increases or each exchange-traded derivative, provides a guarantee decreases in cash flows of mutual funds investing in these of performance.

This guarantee is supported by a daily markets could significantly affect local stock prices and, payment system (i.e., margin requirements) operated by therefore, Share prices of a portfolio.

the clearing house in order to reduce overall credit risk.

For privately negotiated derivatives, there is no similar Financial Instruments Risks clearing agency guarantee.

Therefore, the Investment Manager will consider the creditworthiness of each Derivatives Risk.

A portfolio may use derivatives, which are counterparty to a privately negotiated derivative in financial contracts whose value depends on, or is derived evaluating potential credit risk.

from, the value of an underlying asset, reference rate, or index.

The Investment Manager will sometimes use • Liquidity Risk.

Liquidity risk exists when a particular derivatives as part of a strategy designed to reduce other instrument is difficult to purchase or sell.

Generally, however, a portfolio may use derivatives as transaction is particularly large or if the relevant market is direct investments to earn income, enhance yield and illiquid (as is the case with many privately negotiated broaden portfolio diversification.

In addition to other risks derivatives), it may not be possible to initiate a such as the credit risk of the counterparty, derivatives involve transaction or liquidate a position at an advantageous the risk of difficulties in pricing and valuation and the risk that price.

changes in the value of the derivative may not correlate • Leverage Risk.

Since warrants, options and many perfectly with relevant underlying assets, rates, or indices.

derivatives (to the extent utilized) have a leverage While the judicious use of derivatives by experienced component, adverse changes in the value or level of the investment advisers such as the Investment Manager may underlying asset, rate or index can result in a loss promote portfolio management efficiencies, mitigate certain substantially greater than the amount invested in the risks, and increase exposure towards certain markets without warrant, option or derivative itself.

In the case of swaps, direct purchase in the underlying assets, derivatives also the risk of loss generally is related to a notional principal involve risks different from, and, in certain cases, greater amount, even if the parties have not made any initial than, the risks presented by more traditional investments.

Certain derivatives have the potential for The following is a general discussion of important risk factors unlimited loss, regardless of the size of the initial and issues concerning the use of derivatives that investors investment.

should understand before investing in a portfolio.

Other risks in using derivatives include the • Market Risk.

This is the general risk attendant to all risk of mispricing or improper valuation of derivatives and investments that the value of a particular investment will the inability of derivatives to correlate perfectly with change in a way detrimental to the portfolio's interest.

underlying assets, rates and indices.

Many derivatives, in particular privately negotiated derivatives, are complex • Management Risk.

Derivative products are highly and often valued subjectively.

Improper valuations can specialized instruments that require investment result in increased cash payment requirements to techniques and risk analyses different from those counterparties or a loss of value to the portfolio associated with stocks and bonds.

The successful use concerned.

Derivatives do not always perfectly or even of derivative transactions will be subject to the highly correlate or track the value of the assets, rates or Investment Manager's ability to correctly predict price indices they are designed to track.

Consequently, a movements, interest rates, or currency exchange rate portfolio's use of derivatives may not always be an movements.

Should prices, interest rates, or exchange effective means of, and sometimes could be rates move unexpectedly, a portfolio may not achieve the counterproductive to, furthering the portfolio's investment anticipated benefits of the transactions or may realize objective.

losses and thus be in a worse position than if such strategies had not been used.

The use of a derivative II-40AB FCP I Securities lending Risk.

If a Portfolio lends securities, it • Necessity for counterparty trading relationships.

As noted takes on counterparty risk with respect to the borrower as above, participants in the OTC market typically enter into well as the risk that any collateral from the counterparty may transactions only with those counterparties which they prove insufficient to cover all costs and liabilities incurred.

believe to be sufficiently creditworthy, unless the counterparty provides margin, collateral, letters of credit Repurchase/reverse repurchase agreement Risk.

If a or other credit enhancements.

While the Fund and the Portfolio uses repurchase and reverse repurchase Investment Manager believe that the Fund will be able to agreements, it takes on counterparty risks such as the establish multiple counterparty business relationships to counterparty defaulting on its obligations.

A default by a permit the Fund to effect transactions in the OTC market counterparty could result in the Portfolio suffering a loss to and other counterparty markets (including credit default the extent that the proceeds from the sale of securities are swaps, total return swaps and other swaps market as insufficient to replace the cash owed by the counterparty or to applicable), there can be no assurance that it will be able the extent that cash received by the Portfolio as part of the to do so.

An inability to establish or maintain such transaction is insufficient to replace the securities to be relationships would potentially increase the Fund's returned by the counterparty.

counterparty credit risk, limit its operations and could require the Fund to cease investment operations or OTC Derivatives Counterparty Risk.

In addition to the conduct a substantial portion of such operations in the general risks of derivatives discussed above, transactions in futures markets.

Moreover, the counterparties with which the OTC derivatives markets may involve the following the Fund expects to establish such relationships will not particular risks.

be obligated to maintain the credit lines extended to the • Absence of regulation; counterparty default.

In general, Fund, and such counterparties could decide to reduce or there is less governmental regulation and supervision of terminate such credit lines at their discretion.

transactions in the OTC markets (in which currencies, Commodity Related Risk.

Investing in commodity-linked forward, spot and option contracts, credit default swaps, derivative instruments may subject a portfolio to greater total return swaps and certain options on currencies are volatility than investments in traditional securities.

The value generally traded) than of transactions entered into on of commodity-linked derivative instruments may be affected organised exchanges.

In addition, many of the by changes in overall market movements, commodity index protections afforded to participants on some organised volatility, changes in interest rates, or factors affecting a exchanges, such as the performance guarantee of an particular industry or commodity, such as drought, floods, exchange clearing house, may not be available in weather, livestock disease, embargoes, tariffs and connection with OTC transactions.

Therefore, any international economic, political and regulatory portfolio entering into OTC transactions will be subject to developments.

the risk that its direct counterparty will not perform its obligations under the transactions and that the portfolio Structured Instruments Risk.

Structured instruments are will sustain losses.

A portfolio will only enter into potentially more volatile and carry greater market risks than transactions with counterparties which it believes to be traditional debt instruments.

Depending on the structure of creditworthy, and may reduce the exposure incurred in the particular structured instrument, changes in a Benchmark connection with such transactions through the receipt of may be magnified by the terms of the structured instrument letters of credit or collateral from certain counterparties.

and have an even more dramatic and substantial effect upon Regardless of the measures the Fund may seek to the value of the structured instrument.

The prices of the implement to reduce counterparty credit risk, however, structured instrument and the Benchmark or Underlying there can be no assurance that a counterparty will not Asset may not move in the same direction or at the same default or that the Fund will not sustain losses as a time.

Structured instruments may be less liquid and more result.

difficult to price than less complex securities or instruments or more traditional debt securities.

The risk of these investments • Liquidity; requirement to perform.

From time to time, the can be substantial; possibly all of the principal is at risk.

counterparties with which the Fund effects transactions might cease making markets or quoting prices in certain Equity Securities Risks of the instruments.

In such instances, the Fund might be unable to enter into a desired transaction in currencies, Equity Securities Risk.

The value of underlying equity credit default swaps or total return swaps or to enter into investments of a portfolio may fluctuate, sometimes an offsetting transaction with respect to an open position, dramatically, in response to the activities and results of which might adversely affect its performance.

Further, in individual companies or because of general market and contrast to exchange‑traded instruments, forward, spot economic conditions and changes in currency exchange and option contracts on currencies do not provide the rates.

The value of a portfolio's investments may decline Investment Adviser with the possibility to offset the over short- or long-term periods.

Fund’s obligations through an equal and opposite transaction.

For this reason, in entering into forward, spot Debt Securities Risks or options contracts, the Fund may be required, and Fixed-Income Securities Risk—General.

The Net Asset must be able, to perform its obligations under the Value of a portfolio invested in fixed-income securities will contracts.

change in response to fluctuations in interest rates and currency exchange rates, as well as changes in credit quality II-41AB FCP I of the issuer.

Some portfolios may invest in high yielding Investment Grade securities, although the market values of fixed-income securities where the risk of depreciation and lower-rated securities tend to react less to fluctuations in realization of capital losses on some of the fixed-income interest rate levels than do those of higher-rated securities.

securities held will be unavoidable.

In addition, medium- and The market for lower-rated securities may be thinner and less lower-rated and unrated fixed-income securities of active than that for higher-quality securities, which can comparable quality may be subject to wider fluctuations in adversely affect the prices at which these securities can be yield and market values than higher-rated fixed-income sold.

To the extent that there is no regular secondary market securities.

trading for certain lower-rated securities, the Investment Manager may experience difficulty in valuing such securities Fixed-Income Securities and Interest Rates.

The and, in turn, a portfolio's assets.

In addition, adverse publicity value of a portfolio's Shares will fluctuate with the value of its and investor perceptions about lower-rated securities, investments.

The value of a portfolio's investments in fixed- whether or not based on fundamental analysis, may tend to income securities will change as the general level of interest decrease the market value and liquidity of such lower-rated rates fluctuates.

During periods of falling interest rates, the securities.

Transaction costs with respect to lower-rated values of fixed-income securities generally rise, although if securities may be higher, and in some cases information may falling interest rates are viewed as a precursor to a recession, be less available, than is the case with Investment Grade the values of a portfolio's securities may fall along with securities.

interest rates.

Conversely, during periods of rising interest Since the risk of default is higher for lower-rated securities, rates, the values of fixed-income securities generally decline.

the Investment Manager's research and credit analysis are a Changes in interest rates have a greater effect on fixed- correspondingly important aspect of its program for managing income securities with longer maturities and durations than a portfolio's investment in these securities.

In considering those with shorter maturities and durations.

investments for a portfolio, the Investment Manager will Fixed-Income Securities and Prepayment.

Many attempt to identify those high-yielding securities the financial fixed-income securities, especially those issued at high condition of which is adequate to meet future obligations or interest rates, provide that the issuer may repay them early.

has improved, or is expected to improve in the future.

The Issuers often exercise this right when interest rates decline.

Investment Manager's analysis focuses on relative values Accordingly, holders of securities that may be called or based on such factors as interest or dividend coverage, asset prepaid may not benefit fully from the increase in value that coverage, earnings prospects, and the experience and other fixed-income securities experience when rates decline.

managerial strength of the issuer.

Furthermore, in such a scenario a portfolio may reinvest the Unrated securities will be considered for investment by a proceeds of the payoff at then-current yields, which would be portfolio when the Investment Manager believes that the lower than those paid by the security that was paid off.

financial condition of the issuers of such securities, or the Prepayments may cause losses on securities purchased at a protection afforded by the terms of the securities themselves, premium, and unscheduled prepayments, which will be made limits the risk to the portfolio to a degree comparable to that at par, will cause a portfolio to experience a loss equal to any of rated securities which are consistent with the portfolio's unamortized premium.

objectives and policies.

Rating Agencies.

Future actions of any rating agency In seeking to achieve a portfolio's primary objective, there will can adversely affect the market value or liquidity of fixed- be times, such as during periods of rising interest rates, when income securities, and a rating agency may, at any time and depreciation and realization of capital losses on securities in without any change in its published ratings criteria or the portfolio will be unavoidable.

Moreover, medium- and methodology, lower or withdraw any rating assigned by it to lower-rated securities and unrated securities of comparable any class of securities.

Any such revision or withdrawal of a quality may be subject to wider fluctuations in yield and rating as a result of such a failure might adversely affect the market values than higher-rated securities under certain liquidity and value of a fixed-income security.

market conditions.

Such fluctuations after a security is Fixed-Income Securities Risk—Lower-Rated and Unrated acquired do not affect the cash income received from that Instruments.

A portfolio's assets may be invested, in whole security but are reflected in the Net Asset Value of a portfolio.

or in part, in high yield, high risk debt securities that are rated Distressed Securities.

Certain securities may become in the lower rating categories (i.e., below Investment Grade) distressed when the issuer of such securities enters into or which are unrated but are of comparable quality as default or is in high risk of default.

Such securities often have determined by the Investment Manager.

Debt securities a credit rating of CC or below.

An issuer of securities may rated below Investment Grade are commonly referred to as experience a risk of default for a number of reasons, "junk bonds" and are considered to be subject to greater risk including weak financial condition, poor operating results, of loss of principal and interest than higher-rated securities substantial capital needs, negative cash flow or net worth, and are considered to be predominantly speculative with and changes in market or competitive conditions which respect to the issuer's capacity to pay interest and repay adversely affect the issuer’s business, among other factors.

A principal, which may in any case decline during sustained Portfolio may invest in distressed securities where the periods of deteriorating economic conditions or rising interest Investment Manager believes that the market valuation of rates.

Lower-rated securities generally are considered to be such securities is below their fair value.

While higher in risk, subject to greater market risk than higher-rated securities in distressed securities generally offer a correspondingly times of deteriorating economic conditions.

In addition, lower- greater potential for higher returns.

Distressed securities may rated securities may be more susceptible to real or perceived be difficult to value due to legal and market uncertainties, and adverse economic and competitive industry conditions than the level of analytical sophistication, both financial and legal, II-42AB FCP I necessary for successful investment in companies debt, must, in some cases, be pursued in the courts of the experiencing significant business and financial distress is defaulting party itself.

Legal recourse therefore may be high.

Accordingly, there can be no assurance that significantly diminished.

Bankruptcy, moratorium and other investments in such securities will generate returns to similar laws applicable to issuers of sovereign debt compensate Shareholders adequately for the risks assumed obligations may be substantially different from those and without experiencing a loss.

Distressed securities may applicable to issuers of private debt obligations.

The political also be affected by laws concerning issuer reorganization, context, expressed as the willingness of an issuer of bankruptcy, and creditor and shareholder rights, and such sovereign debt obligations to meet the terms of the debt laws may vary considerably in various jurisdictions, leading to obligation, for example, is of considerable importance.

In uncertainty as to the enforceability of claims by investors and addition, no assurance can be given that the holders of lenders and delay in the recoupment of an investment.

commercial bank debt will not contest payments to the holders of securities issued by foreign governments in the Credit Risk—Sovereign Debt Obligations.

By investing in event of default under commercial bank loan agreements.

debt obligations of governmental entities, a portfolio will be In addition, a portfolio's investment in debt obligations of exposed to the direct or indirect consequences of political, supranational entities is subject to the additional risk that one social and economic changes in various countries.

Political or more member governments may fail to make required changes in a particular country may affect the willingness of a capital contributions to a particular supranational entity and, particular government to make or provide for timely payments as a result, such supranational entity may be unable to meet of its debt obligations.

The country's economic status, as its obligations with respect to its debt obligations held by the reflected, among other things, in its inflation rate, the amount portfolio.

of its external debt and its gross domestic product, will also affect the government's ability to honor its obligations.

Credit Risk—Corporate Debt Obligations.

By investing in debt obligations issued by companies and other entities, a The ability of governments to make timely payments on their portfolio will be subject to the risk that a particular issuer may debt obligations is likely to be influenced strongly by the not fulfill its payment or other obligations in respect of such issuer's balance of payments, including export performance, debt obligations.

Additionally, an issuer may experience an and its access to international credits and investments.

To adverse change in its financial condition which may in turn the extent that a particular country receives payment for its result in a decrease in the credit rating assigned by an IRSO exports in currencies other than the Currency of the Portfolio, to such issuer and its debt obligations, possibly below such country's ability to make debt payments denominated in Investment Grade.

Such adverse change in financial the Currency of the Portfolio could be adversely affected.

To condition or decrease in credit rating(s) may result in the extent that a particular country develops a trade deficit, increased volatility in the price of an issuer's debt obligations such country will need to depend on continuing loans from and negatively affect liquidity, making any such debt foreign governments, supranational entities or private obligation more difficult to sell.

commercial banks, aid payments from foreign governments and on inflows of foreign investment.

The access of a General Risks of CDO Investments.

The value of any particular country to these forms of external funding may not CDOs owned by a Portfolio generally will fluctuate with, be certain, and a withdrawal of external funding could among other things, the financial condition of the obligors or adversely affect the capacity of such country to make issuers of the underlying portfolio of assets of the related payments on its debt obligations.

In addition, the cost of CDO ("CDO Collateral"), general economic conditions, the servicing debt obligations can be affected by a change in condition of certain financial markets, political events, global interest rates since the majority of these debt developments or trends in any particular industry and obligations carry interest rates that are adjusted periodically changes in prevailing interest rates.

Consequently, holders of based upon global rates.

CDOs must rely solely on distributions on the CDO Collateral A portfolio may invest in debt obligations of governmental or proceeds thereof for payment in respect thereof.

CDO entities and supranational entities, for which a limited or no Collateral may consist of high yield debt securities, loans, established secondary markets may exist.

Reduced ABS and other instruments, which often are rated below secondary market liquidity may have an adverse effect on the investment grade (or of equivalent credit quality).

The lower market price and a portfolio's ability to dispose of particular ratings of high yield securities and below investment grade instruments when necessary to meet its liquidity loans reflect a greater possibility that adverse changes in the requirements or in response to specific economic events financial condition of an issuer or in general economic such as deterioration in the creditworthiness of the issuer.

conditions or both may impair the ability of the related issuer Reduced secondary market liquidity for such debt obligations or obligor to make payments of principal or interest.

In may also make it more difficult for a portfolio to obtain addition, the lack of an established, liquid secondary market accurate market quotations for the purpose of valuing its for some CDOs (CDO equity securities in particular) may portfolio.

Market quotations are generally available on many have an adverse effect on the market value of those CDOs sovereign debt obligations only from a limited number of and will in most cases make it difficult to dispose of such dealers and may not necessarily represent firm bids of those CDOs at market or near-market prices.

Rating Agencies.

Future actions of any rating agency can A portfolio may have limited legal recourse in the event of a adversely affect the market value or liquidity of CDOs, and a default with respect to certain sovereign debt obligations it rating agency may, at any time and without any change in its holds.

For example, remedies from defaults on certain debt published ratings criteria or methodology, lower or withdraw obligations of governmental entities, unlike those on private any rating assigned by it to any class of CDO security.

Any II-43AB FCP I such revision or withdrawal of a rating as a result of such a any U.S. regulatory body (or other non-U.S. authority or failure might adversely affect the liquidity and value of the regulatory body) in response to economic conditions or CDO security.

otherwise may negatively impact the liquidity and value of CDOs.

Effects of Regulation on CDO Market.

Legislative or regulatory action taken by the U.S. federal government or II-44AB FCP I Meetings and Reports to Shareholders Shareholders' Information The latest audited annual reports and unaudited semi-annual In addition the Net Asset Value of the Shares is published as reports will be made available to the Shareholders at no cost provided for in Section I for each Portfolio.

to them at the offices of the Management Company and the Depositary.

Electronic copies of such annual and semi- The Management Company draws the investors’ annual reports are also available on the following website: attention to the fact that any investor will only be able to www.alliancebernstein.com.

The accounts of each portfolio fully exercise his investor rights directly against the will be established in the relevant Currency of the Portfolio Fund if the investor is registered himself and in his own and consolidated accounts of the Fund are established in name in the Shareholders’ register of the Fund.

In cases Dollars.

Any other financial information to be published where an investor invests in the Fund through an concerning any portfolio of the Fund or the Management intermediary investing into the Fund in his own name but Company, including the daily Net Asset Value of the Shares on behalf of the investor, it may not always be possible of any class of any portfolio and any suspension of such for the investor to exercise certain shareholder rights valuation, will be made available to the Shareholders at no directly against the Fund.

Investors are advised to take cost to them at the offices of the Management Company and advice on their rights.

the Depositary.

Shareholder Meetings If required by law and applicable regulations, notices to Shareholders will be published in the RESA and in such other The Management Regulations do not provide for meetings of newspaper(s) in such countries as the Management Shareholders, and the Fund does not intend to call any such Company may from time to time determine.

II-45AB FCP I Management and Administration Investment Management • AllianceBernstein Australia Limited, Aurora Place, AllianceBernstein L.P., a Delaware limited partnership with Level 32F, 88 Phillip Street, Sydney, New South principal offices at 501 Commerce Street, Nashville TN Wales, 2000, Australia 37203, U.S.A., a leading global investment manager providing diversified services to institutions and individuals through a broad line of investments, has been appointed as Further details on the Affiliated Sub-Investment Managers the investment manager for the Fund pursuant to the terms of involved in the management of the Fund, including the an Investment Management Agreement.

The Investment portfolios of the Fund in scope are provided on Management Agreement may be terminated by the www.alliancebernstein.com/go/Sub-Inv-Manager- Management Company on behalf of the Fund or by the Affiliates.

Investment Manager upon sixty days' written notice to the other.

AllianceBernstein Corporation, the Investment The Investment Manager and the Affiliated Sub-Investment Manager's general partner, is an indirect wholly owned Managers provide their investment managements services (i) subsidiary of AXA Financial, Inc., which in turn is a wholly under the supervision of the Management Company, (ii) in owned subsidiary of AXA, a French company.

accordance with instructions received from and investment allocation criteria laid down by the Management Company The Investment Manager is registered with the U.S. from time to time, and (iii) in compliance with the stated Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") as an investment objectives and restrictions of the relevant Portfolios.

investment adviser under the U.S. Investment Advisers Act of 1940, as amended.

Additional information about the Investment Manager is available on the SEC's website at The Management Company www.adviserinfo.sec.gov.

Registration with the SEC or with AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

(formerly known any U.S. state securities authority does not imply a certain AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.A.), the principal level of skill or training.

shareholder of which is AllianceBernstein Holdings Limited, a In providing discretionary investment management services to wholly owned subsidiary of the Investment Manager, was the Fund, the Investment Manager may sub-delegate some of organized as a société anonyme under the laws of the Grand its investment management services to one or more of its Duchy of Luxembourg by notarial deed dated 31 July 1990, wholly owned subsidiaries (the "Affiliated Sub-Investment and published in the Mémorial on 9 November 1990.

The Affiliated Sub-Investment Managers may, been incorporated for an undetermined period and its under the Investment Manager’s responsibility and oversight, registered and principal office is at 2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert, take investment decisions on a discretionary basis as well as L-2453, Luxembourg.

Effective as of April 11th, 2011, acquire and dispose of securities and assets of the Portfolios AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.A. has changed its to which they provide such sub-delegated services.

All corporate form from a "société anonyme" (public limited Affiliated Sub-Investment Managers are authorised, registered, company) to a "société à responsabilité limitée" (private or approved to provide investment management services and limited company).

It therefore changed its name from are subject to prudential supervision by their supervisory AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.A. to AllianceBernstein authority.

It constitutes the same legal entity and will continue to The Affiliated Sub-Investment Managers involved in the operate as a UCITS-compliant Management Company management of the Fund are: subject to the supervision of the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier, the Luxembourg financial supervisory • AllianceBernstein Limited, whose principal office is authority.

Its articles of incorporation were amended for the situated at 60 London Wall, London, EC2M 5SJ, last time on 1 February 2019.

It is registered with the United Kingdom Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés in Luxembourg under No.

The issued capital of the Management • AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited, whose Company is €16,300,000, divided into 163,000 registered shares with no par value, all of which are fully paid.

The principal office is situated at 39th Floor, One Island Management Company is (i) a management company East, Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road, Quarry authorized under chapter 15 of the Law of 2010 and (ii) an Bay, Hong Kong alternative investment fund manager in Luxembourg authorized under chapter 2 of the law of 12 July 2013 on • AllianceBernstein (Singapore) Ltd., whose alternative investment fund managers.

principal office is situated at One Raffles Quay, #27- The object of the Management Company is the creation and 11 South Tower.

Singapore 048583 management of collective investment undertakings on behalf of their respective shareholders.

It will carry out the • AllianceBernstein (Japan) Ltd., whose principal administration and management of the Fund on behalf of the office is situated at Hibiya Park Front Building 14F, Shareholders, including the purchase, sale, subscription and 2-1-6 Uchisaiwaicho, Chiyoda-ku, 14th Floor exchange of securities, and it may exercise all rights related Tokyo 100-001, Japan to the Fund's assets.

II-46AB FCP I The Management Company may also be appointed to act as Bertrand Reimmel, Managing Director and Senior Vice management company for other investment funds, the list of President, AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.à r.l., 2-4, rue which will be available, upon request, at the registered office Eugène Ruppert L-2453, Luxembourg; of the Fund and the Management Company.

Steven M. Eisenberg, Senior Vice President and Chief Remuneration Policy.

The Management Company has Operating Officer, AllianceBernstein L.P., 1345 Avenue of the established remuneration policies for those categories of Americas, New York, New York 10105, U.S.A.; staff, including senior management, risk takers, control Eileen Koo, Senior Vice President and Chief Compliance functions, and any employees receiving total remuneration Officer (Asia ex-Japan), AllianceBernstein Hong Kong that takes them into the same remuneration bracket as senior Limited, One Island East, Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road, management and risk takers whose professional activities Quarry Bay, Hong Kong and have a material impact on the risk profiles of the Management Company or the Fund, that: John Schiavetta, Senior Vice President and Chief Risk Officer, AllianceBernstein L.P., 501 Commerce Street, - are consistent with and promote a sound and Nashville, TN 37203 USA.

effective risk management and do not encourage risk-taking which is inconsistent with the risk profiles of the Fund or with Administrator its Management Regulations; Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) S.C.A.

has been - are in line with the business strategy, objective appointed as the administrator of the Fund pursuant to the values and interests of the Management Company and the terms of the Administration Agreement.

In such capacity it is Fund and of the shareholders of the Fund, and includes responsible for the general administrative functions of the measures to avoid conflict of interest; Fund required by Luxembourg law, such as the calculation of - include an assessment of performance set in a multi- the Net Asset Value of the Shares and the maintenance of year framework appropriate to the holding period accounting records.

Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) recommended to the shareholders of the Fund in order to S.C.A.

also acts as paying agent of the Fund.

Either the ensure that the assessment process is based on the longer- Administrator or the Management Company may terminate term performance of the Fund and its investment risks and the Administrator's appointment at any time on giving ninety that the actual payment of performance-based components days' written notice.

of remuneration is spread over the same period; and Depositary - fixed and variable components of total remuneration are appropriately balanced and the fixed components Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) S.C.A.

(the represents a sufficiently high proportion of the total "Depositary") has been appointed as depositary of the Fund remuneration to allow the operation of a fully flexible policy for (i) the safekeeping of the assets of the Fund (ii) the cash on variable remuneration components, including the monitoring, (iii) the oversight functions and (iv) such other possibility to pay no variable remuneration component.

services as agreed from time to time and reflected in the Depositary Agreement.

In particular, based on established remuneration policies, no employee of the Management Company is paid based on the The Depositary is a credit institution established in investment performance of the Fund.

Moreover variable Luxembourg, whose registered office is situated at 80, route remuneration of employees is based on function-specific d’Esch, L-1470 Luxembourg, and which is registered with the objectives and company-wide performance criteria and it Luxembourg register of commerce and companies under does not usually exceed 40% of the total compensation.

It is licensed to carry out banking activities under the terms of the Luxembourg law of 5 April 1993 on the In accordance with ESMA Guidelines on sound remuneration financial services sector, as amended.

policies under the UCITS Directive and AIFMD, the Management Company has not established a remuneration Duties of the Depositary.

The Depositary is entrusted with committee separated from the remuneration committee the safekeeping of the Fund's assets.

For the financial established at the AB Group level.

instruments which can be held in custody, they may be held either directly by the Depositary or, to the extent permitted by The up-to-date remuneration policy of the Management applicable laws and regulations, through every third-party Company, including, but not limited to, a description of how custodian/sub-custodian providing, in principle, the same remuneration and benefits are calculated, the identity of guarantees as the Depositary itself, i.e.

for Luxembourg persons responsible for awarding the remuneration and institutions to be a credit institution within the meaning of the benefits, are available at law of 5 April 1993 on the financial sector or for foreign www.alliancebernstein.com/go/renumeration_policy.

A paper institutions, to be a financial institution subject to the rules of copy is available free of charge upon request at the prudential supervision considered as equivalent to those Management Company’s registered office.

provided by EU legislation.

The Depositary also ensures that The managers of the Management Company are: the Fund's cash flows are properly monitored, and in particular that the subscription monies have been received Silvio D. Cruz, Managing Director, AllianceBernstein and all cash of the Fund has been booked in the cash (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

and Senior Vice President and account in the name of (i) the Fund, (ii) the Management Managing Director, AllianceBernstein Limited, 60 London Company on behalf of the Fund or (iii) the Depositary on Wall, London, EC2M 5SJ, United Kingdom; behalf of the Fund.

II-47AB FCP I In addition, the Depositary shall also ensure: Conflicts of interest.

In carrying out its functions, the Depositary shall act honestly, fairly, professionally, (i) that the sale, issue, repurchase, redemption and independently and solely in the interest of the Fund and the cancellation of the Shares of the Fund are carried Shareholders of the Fund.

out in accordance with Luxembourg law and the Management Regulations; The Depositary maintains comprehensive and detailed (ii) that the value of the Shares of the Fund is calculated corporate policies and procedures requiring the Depositary to in accordance with Luxembourg law and the comply with applicable laws and regulations.

Management Regulations; The Depositary has policies and procedures governing the (iii) to carry out the instructions of the Fund and the management of conflicts of interest ("CoI").

These policies Management Company acting on behalf of the Fund, and procedures address CoIs that may arise through the unless they conflict with Luxembourg law or the provision of services to the Fund.

Management Regulations; The Depositary's policies require that all material CoIs involving internal or external parties are promptly disclosed, (iv) that in transactions involving the Fund’s assets any escalated to senior management, registered, mitigated and/or consideration is remitted to the Fund within the usual prevented, as appropriate.

In the event a conflict of interest time limits; may not be avoided, the Depositary shall maintain and (v) that the Fund’s incomes are applied in accordance operate effective organizational and administrative with Luxembourg law and the Management arrangements in order to take all reasonable steps to Regulations.

properly (i) disclosing conflicts of interest to the Fund and to Shareholders (ii) managing and monitoring such conflicts.

The Depositary regularly provides the Fund and its Management Company with a complete inventory of all The Depositary ensures that employees are informed, trained assets of the Fund.

and advised of CoI policies and procedures and that duties and responsibilities are segregated appropriately to prevent Delegation of functions.

Pursuant to the provisions of CoI issues.

Article 34bis of the Law of 2010 and of the Depositary Agreement, the Depositary may, subject to certain conditions Compliance with CoI policies and procedures is supervised and in order to more efficiently conduct its duties, delegate and monitored by the Board of Managers as general partner part or all of its safekeeping duties over the Fund's assets set of the Depositary and by the Depositary’s Authorized out in Article 34(3) of the Law of 2010, including but not Management, as well as the Depositary’s compliance, limited to holding assets in custody or, where assets are of internal audit and risk management functions.

such a nature that they cannot be held in custody, verification The Depositary shall take all reasonable steps to identify and of the ownership of those assets as well as record-keeping mitigate potential CoIs.

This includes implementing its CoI for those assets, to one or more third-party delegates policies that are appropriate for the scale, complexity and appointed by the Depositary from time to time (the nature of its business.

This policy identifies the "Correspondents").

circumstances that give rise or may give rise to a CoI and In relation to the Correspondents, the Depositary has a includes the procedures to be followed and measures to be process in place designed to select the highest quality third- adopted in order to manage CoIs.

A CoI register is party provider(s) in each market.

The Depositary shall maintained and monitored by the Depositary.

exercise due care and diligence in choosing and appointing Potential conflicts of interest may nevertheless arise from each Correspondent so as to ensure that each time to time from the provision by the Depositary and/or its Correspondent has and maintains the required expertise and affiliates of other services to the Fund, the Management competence.

The Depositary shall also periodically assess Company and/or other parties.

Depositary’s affiliates may whether Correspondents fulfill applicable legal and regulatory also be appointed as third-party delegates of the Depositary.

requirements and shall exercise ongoing supervision over Potential conflicts of interest which have been identified each Correspondent to ensure that the obligations of the between the Depositary and its affiliates may include mainly Correspondents continue to be appropriately discharged.

The fraud (unreported irregularities to the competent authorities to fees of any Correspondents appointed by the Depositary avoid bad reputation), legal recourse risk (reluctance or shall be paid by the Fund.

avoidance to take legal steps against the Depositary), selection bias (the choice of the Depositary not based on The liability of the Depositary shall not be affected by the fact quality and price), insolvency risk (lower standards in asset that it has entrusted all or some of the Fund's assets in its segregation or attention to the Depositary's solvency) or safekeeping to such Correspondents.

single group exposure risk (intragroup investments).

In the case of a loss of a financial instrument held in custody, the Depositary shall return a financial instrument of an The Depositary (or any of its affiliates) may in the course of identical type or the corresponding amount to the Fund its business have conflicts or potential conflicts of interest without undue delay, except if such loss results from an with those of the Fund and/or other funds for which the external event beyond the Depositary's reasonable control Depositary (or any of its affiliates) acts.

For example, the and the consequences of which would have been Depositary and/or its affiliates may act as the depositary, unavoidable despite all reasonable efforts to the contrary.

custodian and/or administrator of other funds.

The Depositary also acts as administrator pursuant to the terms of the Administration Agreements between the II-48AB FCP I Depositary and the Fund.

The Depositary has implemented Distributor appropriate segregation of activities between the Depositary Pursuant to the Distribution Agreement, AllianceBernstein and the administration services, including escalation Investments, a unit of the Management Company acts as the processes and governance.

In addition, the depositary Distributor for the Shares on a best efforts basis.

The function is hierarchically and functionally segregated from the Distribution Agreement possesses an unlimited duration and administration services business unit.

may be terminated by either party thereto upon sixty days' notice.

The Distributor has contracted with dealers for the A potential risk of conflicts of interest may occur in situations distribution of Shares outside the United States.

where the Correspondents may enter into or have a separate commercial and/or business relationship with the Depositary Auditors in parallel to the safekeeping delegation relationship.

In the The Management Company has appointed Ernst & Young conduct of its business, conflicts of interest may arise S.A., Independent Public Accountants, 35E, avenue John F. between the Depositary and the Correspondent.

Where a Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, as independent auditor of the Correspondent shall have a group link with the Depositary, Fund.

Ernst & Young will, with respect to the assets of the the Depositary undertakes to identify potential conflicts of Fund, carry out the duties prescribed by the Law of 2010. interest arising from that link, if any, and to take all reasonable steps to mitigate those conflicts of interest.

Qualified Foreign Investor Foreign institutional investors who wish to invest directly in The Depositary does not anticipate that there would be any the PRC domestic securities market may apply to be a specific conflicts of interest arising as a result of any qualified foreign investor (QFI) pursuant to the prevailing QFI delegation to any Correspondent.

The Depositary will notify regulations of the PRC.

The Management Company or an the Fund and the Management Company of any such conflict affiliate (the "QFI Holder") acquire the QFI status for should it so arise.

investment in mainland Chinese securities.

To the extent that any other potential conflicts of interest exist The QFI regime is governed by rules and regulations as pertaining to the Depositary, they have been identified, promulgated by the mainland Chinese authorities, i.e., the mitigated and addressed in accordance with the Depositary’s CSRC, the SAFE and the PBOC).

Such rules and policies and procedures.

regulations may be amended from time to time and include Where a conflict or potential conflict of interest arises, the (but are not limited to): Depositary will have regard to its obligations to the Fund and (i) the Measures for the Administration of Domestic will treat the Fund and the other funds for which it acts fairly Securities and Futures Investment by Qualified Foreign and such that, so far as is practicable, any transactions are Institutional Investors and RMB Qualified Foreign Institutional effected on terms which are based on objective pre-defined Investors jointly issued by the CSRC, the PBOC and the criteria and meet the sole interest of the Fund and the SAFE on 25 September 2020 and effective from 1 November Shareholders of the Fund.

Information about the safekeeping functions 內證券期貨投資管理辦法》); which have been delegated and the list of the (ii) the Provisions on Issues Concerning the Correspondents are available at https://www.bbh.com/en- Implementation of the Measures for the Administration of us/investor-services/custody-and-fund-services/depositary- Domestic Securities and Futures Investment by Qualified and-trustee.

This list may be updated from time to time and is Foreign Institutional Investors and RMB Qualified Foreign available from the Depositary upon written request.

Institutional Investors jointly issued by the CSRC, the PBOC and the SAFE on 25 September 2020 and effective from 1 Updated information regarding the description of the November 2020 (關於實施《合格境外機構投資者和人民幣合 Depositary’s duties and of conflicts of interest that may arise as well as of any safekeeping functions delegated 格境外機構投資者境內證券期貨投資管理辦法》有關問題的規 by the Depositary and any conflicts of interest that may 定); arise from such a delegation, may be obtained, free of charge and upon written request, from the Depositary.

(iii) the "Regulations on Funds of Securities and Futures Investment by Foreign Institutional Investors" issued by the Miscellaneous.

The Depositary or the Management PBOC and the SAFE on 7 May 2020 and effective from 6 Company may terminate the Depositary Agreement at any June 2020 (境外機構投資者境內證券期貨投資資金管理規定》 time upon ninety (90) calendar days' written notice (or earlier in case of certain breaches of the Depositary Agreement, ) ; and including the insolvency of any party), provided that the (iv) any other applicable regulations promulgated by the relevant authorities.

Depositary Agreement shall not be terminated until a replacement depositary is appointed.

Co-Management of Assets Registrar and Transfer Agent For the purpose of effective management, where the investment policies of a portfolio so permit, the Management AllianceBernstein Investor Services, a unit of the Company may choose to co-manage assets of certain Management Company, acts as registrar and transfer agent portfolios within or outside the Fund.

In such cases, assets of the Fund.

In such capacity, the Transfer Agent is of different portfolios or strategies will be managed in responsible for processing purchases, redemptions, common.

The assets which are co-managed shall be exchanges and transfers of Shares of the Fund.

referred to as a "pool."

These pooling arrangements are an administrative device designed to reduce operational and II-49AB FCP I other expenses and do not change the legal rights and portfolios or strategies shall be allotted to such portfolios or obligations of Shareholders.

The pools do not constitute strategies in accordance with their respective entitlement, separate entities and are not directly accessible to investors.

whereas assets sold shall be levied similarly on the assets Each of the co-managed portfolios or strategies shall remain attributable to each participating portfolio or strategy.

entitled to its specific assets.

Where the assets of more than A review of the tax impact of the pooling arrangements has one portfolio or strategy are pooled, the assets attributable to been undertaken in Luxembourg.

It is not anticipated that any each participating portfolio or strategy will initially be material Luxembourg taxes will arise due to the determined by reference to its initial allocation of assets to implementation of the pooling arrangements as described in such a pool and will change in the event of additional this Prospectus.

There may be a risk of taxation impacts in allocations or withdrawals.

The entitlements of each other jurisdictions where securities located in those countries participating portfolio or strategy to the co-managed assets are pooled as described in this Prospectus, though any apply to each and every line of investments of such pool.

additional taxes arising are not anticipated to be material.

Additional investments made on behalf of the co-managed II-50AB FCP I Additional Information out in Appendix A as are compatible with or in the interest Management Regulations of the Shareholders, in order to comply with the laws and The Fund is managed by the Management Company in regulations of the various countries where the Shares of the accordance with the Management Regulations.

The initial Fund's portfolios are sold.

Management Regulations of the Fund, dated 21 August 1991, were published in the Mémorial on 26 September 1991.

Investor Suitability Initially, the Fund was established under the name "Alliance Investors should consult the section titled "Profile of the Global Growth Trends Portfolio."

Subsequently, the Typical Investor" in Section I of the Portfolio in which they Management Regulations were amended and the new name are interested in investing for information on the suitability "Alliance Global Investments" and the umbrella structure were of the Portfolio for such investor’s investment goals.

AB adopted on 22 July 1992.

The Management Regulations were Portfolios that are not deemed to be cash-equivalent or then amended when the name of the Fund was changed to identified as short-term are described as suitable for "ACM Global Investments," and this amendment became investors seeking a medium to long term investment effective on 1 January 1997 and to "ACMBernstein" as of 31 horizon in the Section I of the relevant Portfolio.

A particular July 2006.

Thereafter, the Management Regulations were investor’s view as to their and the Portfolio’s appropriate amended at various points in time.

The Management investment horizon may vary depending on a number of Regulations were amended on 5 February 2016 when the factors, including the intended use of the Portfolio (whether name was changed to "AB FCP I".

The Management as a stand-alone strategy or as part of a larger asset Regulations have been amended for the last time on 5 July allocation strategy), the relevant Shares in which such 2021 and such amendment has been published in the RESA investor invests, risks and general market conditions through a notice advising of the deposit of such document with applicable to the Portfolio in which such investor invests, the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés of Luxembourg.

and circumstances unique to the investor’s situation.

Investors are encouraged to consult their independent The Management Regulations may be amended from time financial advisors regarding the suitability of Shares of the to time by the Management Company, subject to the Portfolio for their investment goals.

Independent financial approval of the Depositary.

Amendments to the advisors may work with individual investors to assess Management Regulations are deposited with the Registre suitability based on a more holistic approach that takes into de Commerce et des Sociétés in Luxembourg and they will consideration factors unique to such investor, including their become effective the day of the publication in the financial situation, life circumstances and goals, and other Mémorial of a notice of such deposit.

Applicable Law and Jurisdiction Fees and Expenses The Management Regulations are governed by the laws of the In addition to the sales charge and contingent deferred Grand Duchy of Luxembourg and any dispute arising among sales charge that investors purchasing Shares may incur, the shareholders, the Management Company and the the Fund and each portfolio are also subject to ongoing Depositary will be subject to the jurisdiction of the District Court fees and expenses.

Distribution fees are accrued and of Luxembourg.

charged as expenses of the portfolio to which they relate.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Management Company and Management Fee.

The Management Company is entitled the Depositary may subject themselves and the Fund to the to a management fee with respect to each portfolio, jurisdiction of the courts of the countries in which the Shares of accrued daily and payable monthly, at the annual rate, the Fund are offered and sold with respect to claims by based on the average daily Net Asset Value of the Shares, investors resident in such countries, and with respect to indicated under "Summary Information" in Section I. matters relating to subscriptions and repurchases of such Shares by Shareholders resident in such countries, to the laws From the management fee paid to the Management of such countries.

The claims of the Shareholders against the Company by a portfolio, the Investment Manager is entitled Management Company or the Depositary will lapse five years to the payment of an investment management fee with after the date of the event which gave rise to such claims.

respect to such portfolio, accrued daily and payable monthly, at the annual rate, based on the average daily Net The Management Regulations in their consolidated form are on Asset Value of the Shares of such portfolio.

Class S, SP, file with the Registre de Commerce et des Sociétés in SK and S2 shares are reserved for institutional investors Luxembourg where they may be inspected and where copies that have entered into an agreement with the Management thereof may be obtained.

Company and are being charged an investment By acquiring Shares, every Shareholder approves and fully management fee separately.

With respect to certain share accepts that the Management Regulations will govern the classes, the management fee may also include a relationship among the Shareholders, the Management component that is paid to distributors or other financial Company and the Depositary.

The Management Regulations intermediaries and service providers to cover shareholder place certain restrictions and limitations on the Management servicing and other administrative expenses.

In the event Company in connection with its operation of the Fund and the that the Investment Manager does not act as investment portfolios.

Such restrictions and limitations are set out in manager for a complete month, the management fee Appendix A.

The Management Company may from time to payable by such portfolio for such month will be prorated to time impose further investment restrictions other than those set reflect the portion of such month in which the Investment II-51AB FCP I Manager acted as such under the Investment Management Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent Fees.

Each of the Administrator, Depositary and Transfer Agent is entitled to receive out of the assets of each portfolio a fee in The Management Company or the Investment Manager, or an accordance with the usual practice in Luxembourg.

Such affiliate thereof, may make cash payments from time to time fees are a combination of asset-based fees and transaction from such entity's own resources to distributors, dealers or fees as described in "Other Portfolio Information— other entities in connection with the sale of Shares of a Management Company, Administrator, Depositary and portfolio.

Such payments may include payments to reimburse Transfer Agent Fees" in Section I with regard to each directly or indirectly the costs associated with these firms' portfolio.

marketing, educational and training efforts and other support activities.

A number of factors are considered in determining Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant part of Section the amount of these payments, including each firm's AB funds I relating to a specific portfolio, the Administrator, sales, assets and redemption rates, and the willingness and Depositary and Transfer Agent fees will generally be of a ability of the firm to provide access to its financial advisors for maximum of 1.00% per year, calculated on the basis of the educational and marketing purposes.

In some cases, firms Net Asset Value of a portfolio.

The Depositary fees do not may include AB funds on a "preferred list."

The goal is to make comprise the costs of correspondent banks, certain other the financial advisors who interact with current and prospective taxes, brokerage (if applicable) and interest on borrowings Shareholders more knowledgeable about AB funds so that they which will be charged separately.

The Administrator, can provide suitable information and advice about AB funds Depositary and Transfer Agent fees are eligible for the total and related investor services.

expense ratio caps disclosed in the relevant part of Section I relating to a specific portfolio.

The actual amounts of such If one fund sponsor makes greater distribution assistance fees are detailed in the annual report of the Fund.

payments than another, a financial advisor in such arrangements and his or her firm may have an incentive to Other Expenses.

Each portfolio bears all of its other recommend one fund complex over another.

Similarly, if such expenses, including, but not limited to (a) all taxes which a financial advisor or his or her firm receives more distribution may be due on the assets and the income of the portfolio assistance for one share class versus another, then they may and any entity-level taxes, (b) the reasonable have an incentive to recommend that class.

disbursements and out-of-pocket expenses (including, without limitation, telephone, telex, cable and postage Those considering an investment in AB funds should speak expenses) incurred by the Depositary and any custody with their financial advisor to learn more about the total charges of banks and financial institutions to which custody amounts paid to the financial advisor and his or her firm by the of assets of the portfolio is entrusted, (c) usual banking fees Management Company, the Investment Manager and their due on transactions involving securities held in the portfolio affiliates and by sponsors of other funds he or she may (such fees to be included in the acquisition price and to be recommend and should also consult disclosures made by their deducted from the selling price), (d) any remuneration and financial advisor at the time of purchase.

Under certain out-of-pocket expenses of the Transfer Agent which will be circumstances, an investor in class S, S1 and S1 2 shares may payable monthly, (e) legal expenses incurred by the receive payments from the Management Company or the Management Company or the Depositary while acting in the Investment Manager, or an affiliate thereof, out of such entity's interest of the Shareholders, and (f) the cost of printing own resources.

certificates, the cost of preparing and/or filing the Distribution Fee.

Distribution fees with respect to a class of Management Regulations and all other documents Shares will be paid to the Distributor as compensation for concerning the portfolio, including registration statements, providing distribution-related services to the Fund with respect prospectuses and explanatory memoranda with all to such Shares at the rate indicated under "Summary authorities (including local securities dealers' associations) Information" in Section I.

Any shareholder servicing fees with having jurisdiction over the portfolio and any other costs of respect to a class of shares will be paid by the Management qualifying or registering the Shares of the portfolio for offer Company out of the Management Fee to the Distributor as or sale in any jurisdiction, the cost of preparing, in such compensation for providing ongoing shareholder services to languages as are necessary for the benefit of the the Fund for holders of such Shares.

The Distributor may pay Shareholders, including the beneficial holders of the some or all of such distribution or shareholder servicing fees to Shares, and distributing annual and semiannual reports and dealers who distribute Shares based on the average daily Net such other reports or documents as may be required under Asset Value of shares owned by such dealers' clients during the applicable laws or regulations of the above-cited such month.

The distribution fee and the shareholder servicing authorities; the cost of accounting, bookkeeping and fee of a particular class will not be used to subsidize the sale of calculating the daily Net Asset Value; the cost of preparing shares of any other class.

and distributing public notices to the Shareholders; lawyers' and auditor's fees; the costs incurred with the admission Management Company Fee.

The Management Company is and the maintenance of the Shares on the stock exchanges entitled to receive out of the assets of the portfolios a fee that is on which they are listed; annual Luxembourg registration intended to cover the expenses of the services it provides in fees; and all similar administrative charges, including, connection with the operation and central administration of the unless otherwise decided by the Management Company, all portfolios in Luxembourg.

The amount of the fee payable with other expenses directly incurred in offering or distributing respect to each share class of a portfolio is set forth in Section the Shares, including the printing costs of copies of the I with respect to each portfolio.

The Management Company above-mentioned documents or reports, which are utilized fee is accrued daily and paid monthly.

II-52AB FCP I by the distributors or dealers of the Shares in the course of that a conflict of interest does arise, the managers of the their business activities.

Management Company and the relevant parties involved shall endeavour to resolve it fairly, within a reasonable time Unless otherwise provided for in the relevant part of Section I and in the interest of the Fund.

relating to a specific share class of a portfolio, all recurring Potential investors should also be aware that the Fund is charges will be charged first against income, then against subject to a number of actual and potential conflicts of capital gains and then against assets.

Expenses attributable to interest involving the AB Group.

While conflicts of interest a particular portfolio are charged to that portfolio, while are inherent to the relationships among the AB Group, expenses not attributable to a specific portfolio will be allocated merely because an actual or potential conflict of interest among the Fund's portfolios on such basis as the Board of exists does not mean that it will be acted upon to the Managers of the Management Company determines is fair and detriment of the Fund.

The Investment Manager will, in equitable.

Different classes of Shares within a portfolio will such event, have regard to its obligations under the bear all expenses attributable to that class of Shares, and if Investment Management Agreement and, in particular, to its expenses of a portfolio are not attributable to a specific class of obligations to act in the best interests of the Fund, so far as Shares of such portfolio, such expenses will be allocated practicable having regard to its obligations to other clients, among the classes of Shares of such portfolio on such basis as when undertaking any investments where potential conflicts the Board of Managers of the Management Company of interest may arise.

Should a conflict of interest arise, the determines is fair and equitable.

Investment Manager will endeavor to ensure that it is The Management Company expects the annual expense ratio resolved fairly.

Without limitation, these conflicts may of each portfolio to be comparable to that of other collective include the following: investment undertakings with similar investment objectives.

• Other Funds Managed by the Investment Manager.

An Risk Management Interested Party may make investments for other The Management Company will employ, or will ensure that the clients without making the same available to the Fund.

Investment Manager will employ, a risk management process In the event any investment is made in funds already with respect to the Fund that enables the Management managed or advised directly or indirectly by the Company to monitor and measure at any time the risk of the Investment Manager itself or a company with which it is positions in the portfolios and their contribution to the overall linked by way of common management or control or by risk profile of the portfolios.

way of a direct or indirect stake of more than 10% of the capital or votes, such investment will be effected In relation to financial derivative instruments, the risk only on terms which either avoid, or make appropriate management process is designed to ensure accurate and provision to effectively eliminate, double charging of independent assessment of the value of OTC derivatives and investment management or advisory fees.

to ensure that each portfolio's global risk exposure relating to Furthermore, the Management Company or other financial derivative instruments does not exceed the limits company will not charge subscription or redemption specified in the prospectus, the Law of 2010 and the relevant fees in connection with an acquisition or disposal of circulars of the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du such investments.

• Allocation Among Clients.

An Interested Party may The global risk exposure is calculated taking into account the make investments for other clients without making the current value of the underlying assets, the counterparty risk, same available to the Fund.

In addition, to the extent future market movements and the time necessary to liquidate that the Investment Manager deems it advisable to the positions.

seek investments for the Fund and for its other client Each portfolio also may invest according to its investment accounts in the same security at the same time, the objectives and policies and within the limitations contained in Fund may not be able to acquire as large an allocation "Investment Restrictions" in Appendix A in financial derivative of such security as it desires, or it may have to pay a instruments.

When a transferable security or money market higher price or obtain a lower yield for such security.

instrument embeds a derivative, the latter must be taken into Allocation will be made in a manner deemed equitable account when complying with such limitations.

by the Investment Manager, taking into account size of account, amount purchased or sold and any other Conflicts of Interest.

The Management Company, the factor it may deem relevant.

Investment Manager, the Depositary, the Administrator, • Services to Other Clients.

An Interested Party may distributors and other service providers and their respective enter into financial, banking, currency, advisory affiliates, directors, officers and unitholders are or may be (including corporate finance advice) or other involved in other financial, investment and professional transactions on an arm's-length basis with the Fund or activities that may create conflicts of interest with the any company in the investment portfolio of the Fund for management and administration of the Fund.

These include which it may receive and retain fees.Cross Trades.

To the management of other funds, purchases and sales of the extent permitted by applicable law, an Interested securities, brokerage services, custodian and safekeeping Party may engage in cross trades of securities between services, and serving as directors, officers, advisors or agents its clients as well cross trades between its clients and for other funds or other companies, including companies that a brokerage clients of its affiliates for whom the portfolio may invest in.

Each of the parties will ensure that the Investment Manager does not provide asset performance of their respective duties will not be impaired by management services.

In the event that the Investment any such other involvement that they might have.

In the event Manager effects a cross trade to which the Fund is a II-53AB FCP I party, the Investment Manager will act on behalf of both • Research.

The principal portfolio themes for the Fund the Fund and the other party to the cross trade, and thus may take into account forecast information provided by may have a potentially conflicting division of loyalty to such equity, credit, quantitative, economic, and structured parties.

In order to address such potentially conflicting asset fixed-income research analysts employed by an divisions of loyalty, the Investment Manager has Interested Party and other research firms.

Accordingly, established policies and procedures with respect to cross estimates of earnings and dividends related to trades so that neither party to a cross trade is unfairly investments of the Fund may differ from estimates of advantaged or disadvantaged relative to the other party.

the Interested Party's institutional research analysts.

All cross trades will be executed on an agency basis at the Further, the Investment Manager's buy-sell actions for current fair market value and otherwise consistent with the the Fund may differ from those recommended by the Investment Manager’s fiduciary obligations.

None of the Interested Party's institutional research analysts.

foregoing activities should interfere substantially with the • No Independent Legal Counsel.

The Fund is commitment of time necessary for the Investment Manager represented by Dechert LLP with respect to U.S. law.

or its principals to perform their responsibilities to the The Fund is represented by Elvinger Hoss Prussen, Fund.

société anonyme, with respect to Luxembourg law.

• Sales to and from the Fund.

An Interested Party may sell Dechert LLP and Elvinger Hoss Prussen, société or purchase investments to or from the Fund, provided that anonyme, have been selected to act as independent (i) the sale or purchase is effected on an official stock legal counsel to the Interested Parties and the Fund, as exchange or other organized market where the purchaser applicable, by the AB Group.

Dechert LLP and or vendor is undisclosed at the time of the sale or Elvinger Hoss Prussen, société anonyme, each also purchase or in other circumstances where the vendor and acts as legal counsel to certain other investment funds, purchaser are not identified to each other; or (ii) the terms accounts, and vehicles managed by the AB Group and and conditions of any such sale or purchase are effected its affiliates.

Conflicts could arise due to these multiple on an arm's-length basis and approved by the Board of legal representations.

Prospective and existing Managers of the Management Company before such sale investors in the Fund have not been, and will not be, or purchase is effected.

represented by Dechert LLP or Elvinger Hoss Prussen, société anonyme, and are encouraged to seek the • Transactions with Affiliated Broker/Dealers.

The advice of their own legal counsel in evaluating the Investment Manager may, in the normal course of merits and risks of this offering and the operations of business, utilize the brokerage services of affiliated the Fund.

broker/dealers including, but not limited to, Sanford C. Bernstein & Co., LLC and Sanford C. Bernstein Limited Restrictions on Ownership subject to the Investment Manager's obligation to execute transactions on behalf of the Fund consisted with best U.S.

Pursuant to its powers as set out in the execution standards.

Management Regulations, the Management Company has • Soft-Dollar Arrangements.

Although currently the resolved to restrict or prevent the ownership of shares by any "U.S.

Investors will be required to provide Management Company does not receive or enter into soft- assurances satisfactory to the Distributor, the dealer or the dollar commissions/arrangements, the Investment Fund indicating that the prospective purchaser is not a U.S.

Manager does receive and has entered into soft-dollar Person.

Shareholders are required to notify the commissions/arrangements with brokers relating to Management Company immediately of any change in such portfolios of the Fund that invest in equity securities, in information.

IT IS THE RESPONSIBILITY OF EACH respect of which certain goods and services used to SHAREHOLDER TO VERIFY THAT IT IS NOT A U.S. support the investment decision making process were PERSON THAT WOULD BE PROHIBITIED FROM received.

The soft commission arrangements were entered OWNING SHARES IN THE FUND.

into on the basis that the execution of transactions on behalf of the Fund will be consistent with best execution In addition, the Management Company, in its discretion, standards and brokerage rates will not be in excess of may permit the ownership of Shares by U.S.

Persons in customary institutional full-service brokerage rates.

The certain circumstances.

goods and services received include specialist industry, If it shall come to the attention of the Management company and consumer research, portfolio and market Company at any time that Shares of the Fund are analysis and computer software used for the delivery of beneficially owned by a U.S.

Person, either alone or in such services.

The nature of the goods and services conjunction with any other person, the Management received is such that the benefits provided under the Company, on behalf of the Fund, may in its discretion arrangement must be those which assist in the provision of compulsorily repurchase such Shares at their redemption investment services to the Fund and may contribute to an price as described herein.

Not less than ten days after the improvement in the Fund's performance.

For the Fund gives notice of such compulsory repurchase, the avoidance of doubt, such goods and services do not Shares will be redeemed and Shareholders will cease to be include travel, accommodations, entertainment, general the owners of such Shares.

administrative goods or services, general office equipment or premises, membership fees, employees' salaries or Class S, SK, SHK, SQ, SD, SA, SP, S1P, SA GB, SB GB, direct money payments.

Disclosure of soft commission S1A GB, S1B GB, S2, S1, S1D, S1D2, S1NN, S1QD, arrangements will be made in the periodic reports of the S1X and S1 2 Shares (and corresponding H shares) Fund.

The sale of the II-54AB FCP I Institutional Share Classes in the Fund is restricted to persons advisers as to the tax implications under the laws of who qualify as institutional investors within the meaning of the countries of their nationality, residence, domicile or Article 174 of the Law of 2010.

Class S, SP, SK, and S2 shares incorporation of an investment in the portfolios.

(and corresponding H shares) are reserved for institutional The taxation of income and capital gains of the Fund and investors that have entered into an agreement with the Shareholders is subject to the fiscal law and practice of Management Company and are being charged an investment Luxembourg, any jurisdiction in which the Fund makes management fee separately.

investments and of the jurisdictions in which Shareholders The Management Company will, at its discretion, refuse to are resident or otherwise subject to tax.

The following issue shares of Institutional Share Classes if there is not general summary of the anticipated tax treatment in sufficient evidence that the person to whom such shares of Luxembourg and the United States does not constitute legal Institutional Share Classes are sold is an institutional investor or tax advice and applies only to Shareholders holding or in any other circumstances where any such issue would be Shares as an investment.

detrimental to the Fund or its shareholders.

Prospective Shareholders should inform themselves of, and In considering the qualification of a subscriber as an where appropriate take advice on, the laws and regulations institutional investor, the Management Company will have due (such as taxation and exchange controls) applicable to the regard to the guidelines or recommendations of the competent subscription, purchase, redemption, exchange, conversion, supervisory authority.

holding and realization of Shares and the receipt of distributions (whether or not on redemption) in the place of Institutional investors subscribing for shares of Institutional their citizenship, residence, domicile or incorporation.

Share Classes in their own name, but on behalf of a third party, must certify to the Management Company that such The information below is based on current law and subscription is made on behalf of an institutional investor as interpretations thereof on the date of this document.

No aforesaid, and the Management Company may require, at its assurance can be given that applicable tax law and sole discretion, evidence that the beneficial owner of the interpretations thereof will not be changed in the future.

shares of Institutional Share Classes is an institutional investor.

The following tax summary is not a guarantee to any Shareholder of the tax results of investing in the Fund.

If it shall come to the attention of the Management Company at any time that shares of Institutional Share Classes are No Payment of Additional Taxes or Assessments.

Each beneficially owned by a United States Person, non-institutional Shareholder will assume and be responsible to the proper investor or by another person who is not authorized to hold governmental or regulatory authority for any and all taxes of such shares of Institutional Share Classes, either alone or in any jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, conjunction with any other person, the Management Company, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other on behalf of the Fund, may in its discretion compulsorily like assessments or charges that may be applicable to any repurchase such shares of Institutional Share Classes at their payment in respect of the Shares made by the Fund, the redemption price as described herein.

Not less than ten days Management Company or the Administrator.

None of the after the Fund gives notice of such compulsory repurchase, the Fund, the Management Company or the Administrator will shares of Institutional Share Classes will be redeemed and pay any additional amounts to Shareholders to reimburse Shareholders will cease to be the owners of such shares of them for any tax, assessment or charge required to be Institutional Share Classes.

withheld or deducted from payments on the Shares by the Fund, the Management Company or the Administrator.

Listing None of the Fund, the Management Company or the Share Classes of each portfolio of the Fund may be listed on Administrator will be responsible for the payment of any the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

It is unlikely that a trading additional amount of withholding tax which may become market for the Shares will develop or continue.

payable due to an increase in any applicable withholding Portfolio Holdings tax rates.

For certain portfolios, the Management Company publishes a Luxembourg Taxation.

The following is a general complete schedule of the portfolio holdings monthly on summary of the anticipated tax treatment in Luxembourg.

This posted information generally remains accessible on the website for three months.

In The Fund.

The Fund is subject to Luxembourg law in addition, the Management Company may post information respect of its tax status.

Under legislation and regulations concerning the number of securities a portfolio holds, a currently prevailing in Luxembourg, each portfolio is subject summary of the portfolio ten largest holdings (including name to an annual tax on their Net Asset Value attributable to the and the percentage of the portfolio's assets invested in each Shares at the annual rate indicated under "Summary holding), and a percentage breakdown of the portfolio's Information" in Section I, accrued daily and calculated and investments by country, sector and industry, as applicable.

No such tax is applicable in respect of Monthly portfolio holdings information is generally posted assets invested in Luxembourg undertakings for collective between 30 and 90 days after the end of that month.

investment which are themselves subject to such tax.

Under present law the Fund is not subject to any Luxembourg tax on income or capital gains nor to any Taxation estate tax.

The Fund may however be subject to taxation, The following summaries do not purport to be complete in including withholding tax, on income and/or gains in all respects and do not constitute investment or tax advice countries where the assets are located (including and investors should consult their own professional Luxembourg).

II-55AB FCP I Shareholders.

Under current legislation Shareholders holding The Fund reserves the right to refuse any application for Shares of the Fund are not subject to any capital gains, Shares if the information provided or not provided does not income, withholding, estate, inheritance or other taxes in satisfy the requirements under the CRS Law.

Luxembourg (except for those resident or having permanent Investors in the Fund may therefore be reported to the establishment in Luxembourg).

Luxembourg and other relevant tax authorities in Automatic Exchange of Information.

The Organisation for accordance with applicable rules and regulations.

Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD") has Investors should consult their professional advisors on the developed a Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") to achieve possible tax and other consequences with respect to the a comprehensive and multilateral Automatic Exchange Of implementation of the CRS Law.

Information ("AEOI") on a global basis.

On 9 December 2014, Council Directive 2014/107/EU amending Directive 2011/16/EU United States Taxation.

as regards mandatory automatic exchange of information in the THE DISCUSSION HEREIN IS FOR INFORMATIONAL field of taxation (the "Euro-CRS Directive") was adopted in PURPOSES ONLY AND IS A DISCUSSION PRIMARILY order to implement the CRS among the Member States.

For OF THE U.S. TAX CONSEQUENCES TO PROSPECTIVE Austria, the Euro-CRS Directive applies the first time by 30 SHAREHOLDERS.

EACH PROSPECTIVE September 2018 for the calendar year 2017, i.e.

the Council SHAREHOLDER SHOULD CONSULT ITS Directive 2003/48/EC on the taxation of savings income in the PROFESSIONAL TAX ADVISOR WITH RESPECT TO form of interest payments will apply one year longer.

THE TAX ASPECTS OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE FUND.

The Euro-CRS Directive was implemented into Luxembourg TAX CONSEQUENCES MAY VARY DEPENDING UPON law by the law of 18 December 2015 on the automatic THE PARTICULAR STATUS OF A PROSPECTIVE exchange of financial account information in the field of SHAREHOLDER.

IN ADDITION, SPECIAL taxation ("CRS Law").The CRS Law requires Luxembourg CONSIDERATIONS (NOT DISCUSSED HEREIN) MAY financial institutions to identify financial assets holders and APPLY TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT DIRECT establish if they are fiscally resident in countries with which SHAREHOLDERS IN THE FUND BUT WHO ARE Luxembourg has a tax information sharing agreement.

DEEMED TO OWN SHARES AS A RESULT OF THE Luxembourg financial institutions will then report financial APPLICATION OF CERTAIN ATTRIBUTION RULES.

account information of the asset holder to the Luxembourg tax The Fund has not sought a ruling from the IRS or any other authorities, which will thereafter automatically transfer this U.S. federal, state or local agency with respect to any of the information to the competent foreign tax authorities on a yearly tax issues affecting the Fund, nor has it obtained an opinion basis.

of counsel with respect to any tax issues..

Accordingly, the Fund may require its investors to provide The following is a summary of certain potential U.S. federal information in relation to the identity and fiscal residence of tax consequences which may be relevant to prospective financial account holders (including certain entities and their shareholders.

The discussion contained herein is not a full controlling persons) in order to ascertain their CRS status and description of the complex tax rules involved and is based report information regarding an investor and his/her/its account upon existing laws, judicial decisions and administrative to the Luxembourg tax authorities (Administration des regulations, rulings and practices, all of which are subject to Contributions Directes), if such account is deemed a CRS change, retroactively as well as prospectively.

A decision reportable account under the CRS Law.

The Fund shall to invest in the Fund should be based upon an evaluation of communicate any information to the investor according to the merits of the trading program, and not upon any which (i) the Fund is responsible for the treatment of the anticipated U.S. tax benefits.

personal data provided for in the CRS Law; (ii) the personal data will only be used for the purposes of the CRS Law; (iii) the U.S. Tax Status.

The U.S. federal tax classification of personal data may be communicated to the Luxembourg tax segregated portfolios of a non-U.S. entity such as the Fund authorities (Administration des Contributions Directes); (iv) is not entirely clear.

The Fund intends to take the position responding to CRS-related questions is mandatory and that each Portfolio of the Fund is a separate entity for U.S. accordingly the potential consequences in case of no federal tax purposes due to the segregation of a Portfolio's response; and (v) the investor has a right of access to and assets and liabilities under the laws of Luxembourg.

The rectification of the data communicated to the Luxembourg tax remainder of the U.S. tax discussion herein assumes that authorities (Administration des Contributions Directes).

the each Portfolio will be treated as a separate corporation for U.S. federal tax purposes.

The references to "the Fund" Under the CRS Law, the first exchange of information will be below shall be read to apply to each Portfolio, unless applied by 30 September 2017 for information related to the otherwise indicated.

Under the Euro-CRS Directive, the first AEOI must be applied by 30 September 2017 to the local tax U.S. Trade or Business.

Section 864(b)(2) of the IRC, authorities of the Member States for the data relating to the provides a safe harbor (the "Safe Harbor") applicable to a calendar year 2016. non-U.S. corporation (other than a dealer in securities) that engages in the U.S. in trading securities (including In addition, Luxembourg signed the OECD's multilateral contracts or options to buy or sell securities) for its own competent authority agreement ("Multilateral Agreement") to account pursuant to which such non-U.S. corporation will automatically exchange information under the CRS Law.

The not be deemed to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business.

Multilateral Agreement aims to implement the CRS among The Safe Harbor also provides that a non-U.S. corporation non-Member States; it requires agreements on a country-by- (other than a dealer in commodities) that engages in the country basis.

II-56AB FCP I U.S. in trading commodities for its own account is not deemed Identity of Beneficial Ownership; Withholding on to be engaged in a U.S. trade or business if "the commodities Certain Payments.

are of a kind customarily dealt in on an organized commodity United States.

In order to avoid a U.S. withholding tax of exchange and if the transaction is of a kind customarily 30% on certain payments (including payments of gross consummated at such place."

Pursuant to proposed proceeds) made with respect to certain actual and deemed regulations, a non-U.S. taxpayer (other than a dealer in stocks, U.S. investments, the Fund generally will be required to securities, commodities or derivatives) that effects transactions timely register with the Service and agree to identify certain in the United States in derivatives (including (i) derivatives direct and indirect U.S. account holders (including based upon stocks, securities, and certain commodities and debtholders and equityholders).

Luxembourg has signed a currencies, and (ii) certain notional principal contracts based Model 1A (reciprocal) inter-governmental agreement with upon an interest rate, equity, or certain commodities and the United States (the "US IGA") to give effect to the currencies) for its own account is not deemed to be engaged in foregoing withholding and reporting rules.

So long as the a United States trade or business.

Although the proposed Fund complies with the US IGA and the enabling regulations are not final, the IRS has indicated in the preamble legislation, the Investment Manager anticipates that the to the proposed regulations that for periods prior to the Fund will not be subject to the related U.S. withholding tax.

effective date of the proposed regulations, taxpayers may take any reasonable position with respect to the application of A non-U.S. investor in the Fund will generally be required to Section 864(b)(2) of the IRC to derivatives, and that a position provide to the Fund (or in certain cases, a distributor, consistent with the proposed regulations will be considered a intermediary or certain other entities through which a non- reasonable position.

U.S. investor invests (each, an "Intermediary")) information which identifies its direct and indirect U.S. ownership.

The Fund intends to conduct its business in a manner so as to Under the US IGA, any such information provided to the meet the requirements of the Safe Harbor.

Thus, based on the Fund will be shared with the Luxembourg Minister of foregoing, the Fund's securities and commodities trading Finance or its delegate (the "Luxembourg MOF"), unless activities are not expected to constitute a U.S. trade or such U.S. ownership is exempt from the reporting rules.

business and, except in the limited circumstances discussed The Luxembourg MOF will provide the information reported below, the Fund does not expect to be subject to the regular to it with the Service annually on an automatic basis.

A U.S. income tax on any of its trading profits.

However, if non-U.S. investor that is a "foreign financial institution" certain of the Fund's activities were determined not to be of the within the meaning of Section 1471(d)(4) of the IRC will type described in the Safe Harbor, the Fund's activities may also generally be required to timely register with the Service constitute a U.S. trade or business, in which case the Fund and agree to identify certain of its own direct and indirect would be subject to U.S. income and branch profits tax on the U.S. account holders (including debtholders and income and gain from those activities.

A non-U.S. investor who fails to provide Even if the Fund's securities trading activity does not constitute such information to the Fund (or, if applicable, an a U.S. trade or business, gains realized from the sale or Intermediary) or timely register and agree to identify and disposition of stock or securities (other than debt instruments report information with respect to such account holders (as with no equity component) of U.S. Real Property Holding applicable), may be subject to the 30% withholding tax with Corporations (as defined in Section 897 of the IRC) respect to its share of any such payments attributable to ("USRPHCs"), including stock or securities of certain Real actual and deemed U.S. investments of the Fund, and the Estate Investment Trusts ("REITs"), will be generally subject to Fund may take any action in relation to an investor's Shares U.S. income tax on a net basis.

However, a principal exception or redemption proceeds to ensure that such withholding is to this rule of taxation may apply if such USRPHC has a class economically borne by the relevant investor whose failure to of stock which is regularly traded on an established securities provide the necessary information or comply with such market and the Fund generally did not hold (and was not requirements gave rise to the withholding, subject to deemed to hold under certain attribution rules) more than 5% applicable laws and regulations and provided that the (10% in the case of a REIT) of the value of a regularly traded Management Company acts in good faith and on class of stock or securities of such USRPHC at any time during reasonable grounds.

Shareholders should consult their the five year period ending on the date of disposition.3 own tax advisors regarding the possible implications of Moreover, if the Fund were deemed to be engaged in a U.S. these rules on their investments in the Fund.

trade or business as a result of owning a limited partnership Non-U.S. shareholders may also be required to make interest in a U.S. business partnership or a similar ownership certain certifications to the Fund as to the beneficial interest, income and gain realized from that investment would ownership of the Shares and the non-U.S. status of such be subject to U.S. income and branch profits tax.

beneficial owner, in order to be exempt from U.S. information reporting and backup withholding on a 3 The Fund will also be exempt from tax on dispositions of REIT USRPHC), to the extent attributable to the REIT's disposition shares, whether or not those shares are regularly traded, if less of interests in U.S. real property, are subject to tax on a net than 50% of the value of such shares is held, directly or indirectly, basis when received by the Fund and may be subject to the by non-U.S. persons at all times during the five-year period ending branch profits tax.

Distributions from certain publicly traded on the date of disposition.

However, even if the disposition of REITs to non-U.S. shareholders owning 10% or less of the REIT shares would be exempt from tax on a net basis, shares are subject to a 30% gross withholding tax on those distributions from a REIT (whether or not such REIT is a distributions and are not subject to tax on a net basis.

II-57AB FCP I redemption of Shares.

options or convertible debt, as a result of an adjustment by the issuing corporation to the exercise or conversion ratio, In General.

It is possible that further inter-governmental or as a result of other corporate action which has the effect agreements ("future IGAs") similar to the US IGA may be of increasing a holder's interest in the earnings and profits, entered into with other third countries by the Luxembourg or assets of the issuing corporation.

Government to introduce similar regimes for reporting to such third countries' fiscal authorities ("foreign fiscal authorities").

Certain types of income are specifically exempted from the 30% tax and thus withholding is not required on payments By investing (or continuing to invest) in the Fund, investors of such income to a non-U.S. corporation.

The 30% tax shall be deemed to acknowledge that: does not apply to U.S. source capital gains (whether long or short-term) or to interest paid to a non-U.S. corporation on (i) the Fund (or its agent or an Intermediary) may be its deposits with U.S. banks.

The 30% tax also does not required to disclose to the Luxembourg MOF certain apply to interest which qualifies as portfolio interest.

The confidential information in relation to the investor, term "portfolio interest" generally includes interest (including including, but not limited to, the investor's name, original issue discount) on an obligation in registered form address, tax identification number (if any), social which has been issued after July 18, 1984 and with respect security number (if any) and certain information relating to which the person who would otherwise be required to to the investor's investment; deduct and withhold the 30% tax receives the required statement that the beneficial owner of the obligation is not a (ii) the Luxembourg MOF may provide information as U.S. person within the meaning of the IRC.

In addition, if outlined above with the Service, the Luxembourg any credit default swap is characterized as a contract of Minister of Finance and other foreign fiscal authorities; insurance or a guarantee, payments received under such (iii) the Fund (or its agent or an Intermediary) may disclose credit default swap may be subject to an excise tax or a to the Service, the Luxembourg Minister of Finance and withholding tax.

other foreign fiscal authorities certain confidential Redemption of Shares.

Gain realized by shareholders information when registering with such authorities and if who are not U.S. persons within the meaning of the IRC such authorities contact the Fund (or its agent directly) ("non-U.S. shareholders") upon the sale, exchange or with further enquiries; redemption of Shares held as a capital asset should generally not be subject to U.S. federal income tax provided (iv) the Fund or an Intermediary may require the investor to that the gain is not effectively connected with the conduct of provide additional information and/or documentation a trade or business in the U.S.

However, in the case of which the Fund or an Intermediary may be required to nonresident alien individuals, such gain will be subject to disclose to the Luxembourg MOF; the 30% (or lower tax treaty rate) U.S. tax if (i) such person is present in the U.S. for 183 days or more during the (v) in the event an investor does not provide the requested taxable year (on a calendar year basis unless the information and/or documentation and/or has not itself nonresident alien individual has previously established a complied with the applicable requirements, the Fund different taxable year) and (ii) such gain is derived from reserves the right to take any action and/or pursue all U.S. sources.

remedies at its disposal, including, without limitation, action to ensure that any withholding imposed in respect Generally, the source of gain upon the sale, exchange or of such investor's Shares or redemption proceeds is redemption of Shares is determined by the place of economically borne by such investor and compulsory residence of the shareholder.

For purposes of determining redemption of the investor concerned; and the source of gain, the IRC defines residency in a manner that may result in an individual who is otherwise a (vi) no investor affected by any such action or remedy shall nonresident alien with respect to the U.S. being treated as a have any claim against the Fund (or its agent) for any U.S. resident only for purposes of determining the source of form of damages or liability as a result of actions taken income.

Each potential individual shareholder who or remedies pursued by or on behalf of the Fund in anticipates being present in the U.S. for 183 days or more order to comply with FATCA, any of the US IGA or any (in any taxable year) should consult his tax advisor with future IGAs, or any of the relevant underlying legislation respect to the possible application of this rule.

and regulations.

Gain realized by a non-U.S. shareholder engaged in the conduct of a U.S. trade or business will be subject to U.S. U.S.

Withholding Tax.

In general, under Section 881 of the federal income tax upon the sale, exchange or redemption IRC, a non-U.S. corporation which does not conduct a U.S. of Shares if such gain is effectively connected with its U.S. trade or business is nonetheless subject to tax at a flat rate of trade or business.

30% (or lower tax treaty rate) on the gross amount of certain U.S. source income which is not effectively connected with a Estate and Gift Taxes.

Individual holders of Shares who U.S. trade or business, generally payable through withholding.

are neither present nor former U.S. citizens or U.S. Income subject to such a flat tax rate is of a fixed or residents (as determined for U.S. estate and gift tax determinable annual or periodic nature, including dividends, purposes) are not subject to U.S. estate and gift taxes with certain "dividend equivalent payments" and certain interest respect to their ownership of such Shares.

In some cases, dividend income subject to the 30% (or lower tax treaty rate), can be imputed to holders of certain equity interests or equity derivative instruments, such as II-58AB FCP I Claims of U.S. Treaty Benefits by Certain Investors in redemptions.

An investor should consult with its own tax Fiscally Transparent Share Classes.

The Fund is generally advisor prior to investing in the Fund to determine if it is subject to U.S. withholding tax on U.S. source dividends paid required to do so.

The Fund, the Management Company, to the Fund at the standard statutory rate of 30 percent.

A and the Depositary do not intend to provide investors with lower rate is possible under certain circumstances, however.

investment reports more extensive than currently provided.

An investor should consult with its own tax advisor prior to Residents of countries that have a double taxation treaty with investing in the Fund to ensure that the investor is able to the United States are generally entitled to rates of withholding comply with tax laws in its country of tax residence.

on U.S. source dividends that are lower than the standard 30 percent rate provided by U.S. law.

When such a person invests People’s Republic of China ("PRC") Taxation in a non-U.S. investment vehicle, that person may be able to By investing in shares of PRC resident enterprises claim a reduced withholding rate on U.S. source income paid to (including China A-, B- and H-shares), RMB denominated the investment vehicle, provided that three conditions are met: corporate and government bonds, securities investment 1.

The investment vehicle is treated as fiscally transparent by funds and warrants listed on the PRC stock exchanges or the country in which the investor is a tax resident; PRC inter-bank bond markets, a Portfolio may be subject to withholding income tax ("WIT") and other taxes imposed in 2.

The investor is not itself treated as fiscally transparent by the PRC.

the country in which the investor is a tax resident; and (a) PRC Corporate Income Tax ("CIT"): 3.

The investor’s country of tax residence and the U.S. take a similar approach to fiscal transparency.

Lacking specific guidance, it is uncertain whether the QFI or the relevant investing Portfolios would be considered the Under these provisions, a non-U.S. investment vehicle is taxpayer with respect to the PRC-sourced income derived generally treated as fiscally transparent with respect to an item from the investment in bonds, shares and other securities in of income to the extent that the country in which the investor is the PRC.

In the event the QFI were considered to be the a tax resident requires the investor to separately take into taxpayer, any PRC taxes levied against the QFI would be account, on a current basis, its respective share of an item of reimbursed and ultimately borne by the relevant Portfolios income paid to the investment vehicle, whether or not the item of the Fund.

of income is distributed to the investor by the investment vehicle, and provided the character and source of the item of If the relevant Portfolios are deemed to be the taxpayer, income in the hands of the investor are determined as if such then such Portfolios will be subject to PRC CIT at 25% on item were realized directly from the source from which it was its worldwide taxable income if it is considered to be a tax realized by the investment vehicle.

resident enterprise of the PRC.

If a Portfolio is considered to be a non-tax resident enterprise with an establishment or However, a non-U.S. investment vehicle will not be treated as place of business ("PE") in the PRC, the PRC sourced fiscally transparent for this purpose if the investor is required to profits attributable to that PE would be subject to CIT at include in gross income a share of all or part of the entity's 25%.

income on a current basis under any type of anti-deferral regime or comparable mechanism.

Under the PRC CIT Law effective from 1 January 2008, a foreign enterprise without a PE in the PRC will generally be The Fund has obtained rulings from the taxing authorities or subject to a WIT at the current rate of 10% on its PRC opinions of counsel concerning the laws of the United sourced income, including but not limited to passive income Kingdom, Ireland, and the Netherlands confirming the fiscal (e.g.

dividends, interest, gains arising from transfer of transparency of the Fund under the income tax laws of those assets, etc.

), subject to the application of treaty relief.

Therefore, an investor in one of the above-named classes that is not itself treated as fiscally transparent by one of The Investment Manager intends to manage and operate the foregoing countries in which it is a tax resident and that the Portfolios in such a manner that the Portfolios and the satisfies certain documentation requirements may be able to Fund not be treated as a tax resident enterprise of the PRC claim a reduced (or in some cases, zero) rate of U.S. tax or a non-tax resident enterprise with a PE in the PRC for withholding with respect to a U.S. source item of income under CIT purposes, although this cannot be guaranteed.

As the relevant treaty as if the item of income in-question were such, it is expected that the Portfolios should only be realized directly from the source from which it is realized by the subject to WIT at 10% to the extent the relevant Portfolio Fund.

A non-U.S. investor who claims such a benefit under the directly derives PRC sourced income in respect of its relevant double-taxation treaty also may be required to investment in bonds, shares and other securities in the disclose that it has done so on Form 8833 filed with the U.S. PRC.

tax authorities.

Persons who are considering an investment in the above-referenced fiscally transparent share classes (i) Interest should consult a U.S. tax advisor.

Unless a specific exemption is applicable, non-PRC tax Other Fiscal Transparency Issues residents, including the Fund is subject to PRC WIT on interest received on debt instruments issued by PRC tax In addition, certain countries treat investors in the Fund as if residents, including bonds issued by enterprises they had directly purchased a pro rata interest in the assets of established within mainland China.

The general WIT rate the Fund.

Accordingly, a non-U.S. investor may be required to applicable is 10%, subject to reduction under an applicable take into account its proportionate share of the Fund’s income double tax treaty.

currently for income tax purposes in its country of tax residence regardless of whether the Fund makes any distributions or II-59AB FCP I Interest derived from government bonds issued by the PRC The Investment Manager or QFI Holder will further assess Ministry of Finance and local governments is exempt from PRC and seek to apply with PRC tax authorities to enjoy the CIT under the PRC CIT Law.

Local government bonds refer to above capital gain tax exemption under the Mainland-HK bonds issued by a government of a province, autonomous Arrangement or PRC-Luxembourg DTA (as applicable), region, municipality directly under the Central Government, or although this cannot be guaranteed.

Without the relevant municipality separately listed on the PRC’s state plan.

approval, the general rate of 10% may be applicable to the capital gains derived by the Fund on bonds in the PRC.

Under the "Arrangement between the mainland of China and the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region for the Equity investments Avoidance of Double Taxation and the Prevention of Fiscal With the approval from the PRC State Council, the PRC Evasion with respect to Taxes on Income" (the "Mainland-HK State Administration of Taxation, the PRC Ministry of Arrangement"), if a Hong Kong tax resident derives interest Finance and the CSRC have jointly issued Caishui [2014] income from the PRC, the WIT rate can be reduced to 7% 79 ("Circular 79") to clarify the WIT treatment with respect provided that the Hong Kong tax resident is the beneficial to gains derived by QFIIs and RQFIIs from the disposal of owner of the interest income under the Mainland-HK equity investments, including shares in PRC enterprises.

Pre-approval from the PRC tax authorities is According to Circular 79, QFIIs and RQFIIs are temporarily required before the reduced 7% rate can apply.

Under the exempt from WIT with respect to gains derived from the PRC-Luxembourg Double Taxation Agreement (the "PRC- disposal of equity investments, including shares in PRC Luxembourg DTA"), no treaty relief is available to the Fund with enterprises (e.g.

A-Shares), via the QFII or RQFII schemes, respect to PRC-sourced interest income, and thus a 10% WIT effective from 17 November 2014.

With respect to gains rate will apply.

There are still uncertainties as to how the PRC derived prior to 17 November 2014, QFIIs and RQFIIs are tax authorities will assess the beneficial ownership issue for subject to WIT in accordance with the relevant laws.

investment funds and whether the QFI or the Fund would be considered the taxpayer in respect of interest income on (b) Business Tax ("BT"), Value-Added Tax ("VAT") and bonds.

If the relevant approval is not obtained or a Portfolio is surtaxes considered to be the taxpayer, the general rate of 10% will be With effect from 1 May 2016, all industries formerly subject applicable to the Fund’s Portfolios that invest in the PRC.

to BT have transited to VAT pursuant to the Circular on (ii) Dividends Overall Replacement of Business Tax by Value-added Tax on A Pilot Basis (Caishui [2016] No.

36) jointly issued by The Fund will be subject to 10% WIT on PRC-sourced MOF and SAT on 24 March 2016 ("Circular 36").

Circular dividends (including dividends on A-shares, B-shares and H- 36 provides for a 6% VAT rate for financial services shares), which may be reduced by the relevant double tax (including trading financial instruments), replacing the 5% treaty.

The Fund may not be eligible for treaty relief on PRC- tax rate formerly applied under the BT regime.

VAT for sourced dividends pursuant to the Mainland-HK Arrangement trading securities by QFIs in China is provisionally or PRC-Luxembourg DTA as it is unlikely that the Fund would exempted according to the Supplemental Notice on the own a 25% or greater equity interest in a PRC enterprise due VAT Policies of Inter-bank Transactions (Caishui [2016] No.

to regulatory restriction.

70) jointly issued by MOF and SAT on 30 June 2016, with a (iii) Capital gain retrospective effect from 1 May 2016.

Debt investments (c) Stamp Duty ("SD") There are no specific rules or regulations governing the CIT SD under the PRC laws generally applies to the execution treatment of gains derived from the disposal of debt and receipt of all taxable documents listed in the PRC's instruments in the PRC by the Fund, and thus the general Provisional Rules on SD.

SD is generally imposed on the principles of the CIT law should be followed if no special seller of shares of Chinese companies listed on the PRC exemption is granted by the Chinese government.

stock exchanges at a rate of 0.1% of the sales consideration.

The Fund will be subject to this tax on each The tax treatment for a Fund investing in debt instruments in disposal of such PRC listed shares.

the PRC is governed by the general taxation provisions of the CIT Law.

Under such general principles, a Fund may not be Shareholders should seek their own tax advice on their tax subject to 10% PRC WIT on gains derived from the disposal of position with regard to their investment in the Fund and a bonds in the PRC as such gains may not be considered to be particular Portfolio.

Various tax reform policies have been implemented by the In the event gains derived from the disposal of bonds in the PRC government in recent years, and existing tax laws and PRC are considered to be PRC-sourced income, the Fund may regulations may be revised or amended in the future.

be eligible for treaty relief under the Capital Gains Article of the There is a possibility that the current tax laws, regulations Mainland-HK Arrangement or PRC-Luxembourg DTA with and practice in the PRC will be changed with retrospective respect to such gains.

effect in the future and any such change may have an adverse effect on the net asset value of the Fund.

For tax residents in Hong Kong or Luxembourg that have no Moreover, there is no assurance that tax incentives PE in the PRC, capital gains arising from the disposal of bonds currently offered to companies, if any, will not be abolished in the PRC, pursuant to the Mainland-HK Arrangement or and that existing tax laws and regulations will not be revised PRC-Luxembourg DTA, may be exempted from the PRC WIT, or amended in the future.

Any changes in tax policies may subject to the approval of the PRC tax authorities.

reduce the after-tax profits of the companies in the PRC in II-60AB FCP I which the Fund invests, thereby reducing the income from, • Subject to PRC SD at 0.1% with respect to the and/or value of such investments.

the purchase of A-Shares is not subject to PRC SD).

In light of the uncertainty on the income tax treatment on capital gains arising from the disposal of PRC bonds, and • Temporarily exempt from PRC SD with respect to in order to meet this potential tax liability for capital gains, the borrowing and returning of the China Connect the Investment Manager currently intends to make Securities under covered short selling.

provisions from the relevant Portfolios of the Fund for any Investors should note that the China Connect Scheme has PRC WIT that is potentially payable by the such Portfolios limited or no history, and, accordingly, the taxation rules at a rate of 10% on the gross realised and unrealised applicable to the China Connect Securities traded on capital gains derived from the disposal of PRC bonds SSE/SZSE are not long established and subject to change since the launch of the relevant Portfolio of the Fund.

in the future.

Investors should seek advice from their Upon the availability of a definitive tax assessment by the professional tax advisors with any questions regarding the competent authorities, any sums withheld in excess of the tax China Connect Securities.

liability incurred or is expected to be incurred by the relevant Fiscal Year Portfolios of the Fund shall be released and transferred to such Portfolio’s accounts.

The amount of any such tax provision will The Fund's financial year ends 31 August.

be disclosed in the accounts of the Fund.

Duration of the Fund, Liquidation, Amalgamation It should be noted that the actual applicable tax rates imposed The Fund and the various portfolios have been established by SAT may be different from the WIT provision.

There is a for an indefinite period.

Shareholders, their heirs and any possibility of taxes being applied retrospectively.

As such, any other beneficiaries may not demand the dissolution or provision for taxation made by the Investment Manager may be division of the Fund or of a portfolio.

A portfolio may be inadequate to meet actual PRC tax liabilities on gains derived dissolved by the Management Company at any time.

Any from PRC securities held by the Fund.

In such event, the Fund notice of dissolution will be published in the Mémorial and in may experience a drop in NAV which may cause losses to at least two newspapers with appropriate distribution, at investors.

least one of which must be a Luxembourg newspaper, to be determined jointly by the Management Company and the PRC tax disclosure regarding the China Connect Scheme Depositary.

No Shares of such portfolio may be issued In addition to investing in A-Shares via the QFI status of the after the date of such decision of the Management QFI Holder, the Fund may gain exposure to A-Shares through Company.

The Fund will be dissolved when the last the China Connect Scheme, under which the Shanghai portfolio is dissolved.

In the event of the liquidation of the Connect has commenced trading as of 17 November 2014 and last portfolio, the Management Company will realize the the Shenzhen Connect has commenced trading as of 5 assets of that portfolio in the best interest of the December 2016.

Shareholders, and the Depositary will distribute the net liquidation proceeds corresponding to each class of Shares With the approval from the PRC State Council, the PRC State of that portfolio, after deduction of liquidation charges and Administration of Taxation, the PRC Ministry of Finance and expenses, to the holders of Shares of each class in the the CSRC have jointly issued (i) Caishui [2014] 81 ("Circular proportion of the respective rights of each class, all in 81") to clarify the PRC tax treatment regarding the trading accordance with the directions of the Management under the Shanghai Connect; and (ii) Caishui [2016] 127 Company.

Liquidation proceeds which cannot be ("Circular 127") to expand the PRC tax treatment under distributed to the persons entitled thereto at the close of Circular 81 to cover the tradings under the Shenzhen Stock liquidation will be deposited with the Caisse de Connect Scheme and clarify certain other tax issues under the Consignation in Luxembourg until the applicable China Connect Scheme.

Circular 81 is effective on 17 prescription period shall have elapsed.

November 2014, and Circular 127 is effective on 5 December 2016.

If the Management Company decides to dissolve any portfolio without terminating the Fund, it will refund to the According to Circular 155, Circular 36, Circular 81 and Circular Shareholders of each class of such portfolio the full Net 127, the Fund is subject to the following PRC income tax Asset Value of the Shares within each class of such treatment with respect to the Northbound Trading under the portfolio.

Such action will be publicized by the Management China Connect Scheme (i.e.

trading of certain A-Shares on Company and the proceeds of the refund which can not be SSE/SZSE): distributed to the persons entitled thereto will be deposited with the Caisse de Consignation in Luxembourg within nine • Temporarily exempt from PRC WIT with respect to months following the decision of the Board of Managers of gains derived from trading A-Shares.

the Management Company to dissolve the relevant • Subject to PRC WIT at 10% with respect to dividends portfolio.

By decision of the Management Company, two or received from A-Shares (refund may be applied based more portfolios may be amalgamated and the on applicable tax treaties).

corresponding class of Shares converted into Shares of the corresponding class of another portfolio.

The rights of the • Temporarily exempt from PRC BT (before 1 May different Share classes will in such event be determined in 2016) and VAT (after 1 May 2016) with respect to the proportion of the respective Net Asset Values.

Notice of gains derived from trading A-Shares.

such an amalgamation will be given at least one month prior thereto in order to allow investors to request II-61AB FCP I redemption of their Shares without cost if they do not wish to Company: (1) the Management Regulations; (2) the participate in the portfolio so established.

Depositary Agreement; (3) the Administration Agreement; (4) the Investment Management Agreement relating to each Governing Language portfolio; (5) the articles of incorporation of the Management English will be the governing language of the Management Company; (6) the Distribution Agreement; (7) the latest Regulations, provided, however, that the Management semi-annual and annual reports relating to the Fund and, if Company and the Depositary may, on behalf of themselves available, each portfolio; (8) the Prospectus of the Fund; and the Fund, consider as binding the translation into and (9) KIDs of the Fund.

Copies of the Fund's Prospectus, languages of the countries in which the Shares are offered and Management Regulations, latest annual report and, if sold with respect to Shares of the Fund sold to investors in issued thereafter, the latest semi-annual report, as well as such countries.

copies of the KIDs of each Portfolio of the Fund, may be Documents Available for Inspection obtained at the offices of the Management Company and the Distributor without cost.

The following documents are available for inspection during normal business hours at the office of the Management II-62AB FCP I Local Information Information in relation to facilities for investors related to Article 92.1. b) to f) of the UCITS Directive and other local information.

II-63AB FCP I Country Where information in relation to facilities for investors related to Article 92 1. b) to f) of the UCITS Directive is made available.

Austria Croatia Czech Republic Denmark Finland Available at www.eifs.lu/alliancebernstein Hungary Facilities requirements for investors related to Article 92 1. a) of the UCITS Directive will be processed by Iceland AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

Liechtenstein Luxembourg Netherlands Norway Sweden Portugal Romania Slovakia Where information in relation to Additional Country Information facilities for investors related to Article 92 1. b) to f) of the UCITS Directive is made available: France Available at www.eifs.lu/alliancebernstein BNP Paribas Securities Services, 3, rue d’Antin – 75002 Paris, France is the Centralizing Correspondent of the Fund.

Facilities requirements for investors related to Article 92 1. a) of the UCITS Directive will be processed by AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

II-64AB FCP I Germany Available at www.eifs.lu/alliancebernstein Any notices will be sent to the registered shareholders at their address registered in the register of shareholders and will be published on www.alliancebernstein.com.

In the following Facilities requirements for investors cases, a notice to shareholders will be published by means of related to Article 92 1. a) of the UCITS a durable medium: suspension of the redemption of the Directive will be processed by shares; termination of the management of the Fund or the AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

winding-up of the Fund; amendments to the Fund rules which are inconsistent with existing investment principles, amendments to material investor rights to the detriment of investors, or amendments to the detriment of investors relating to remuneration or the reimbursement of expenses that may be taken out of the Fund (including the reasons for the amendments and the rights of investors); the merger of the Fund or a Portfolio; and the conversion of the Fund or a Portfolio into a feeder fund.

German Taxation At least 50% of the following Portfolios’ respective net assets will be invested in equities in the meaning of Art.

8 of the German Investment Tax Act: Asia Ex-Japan Equity Portfolio China Low Volatility Equity Portfolio Emerging Markets Growth Portfolio Global Equity Blend Portfolio Japan Strategic Value Portfolio At least 25% of the following Portfolios’ respective net assets will be invested in equities in the meaning of Art.

8 of the German Investment Tax Act: Dynamic Diversified Portfolio Hong Kong N/A Representative of the Fund AllianceBernstein Hong Kong Limited, 39th floor, One Island East, Taikoo Place, 18 Westlands Road Quarry Bay, Hong Kong The Hong Kong Representative is authorized to receive requests from Hong Kong investors (including Shareholders) for subscription for Shares and receive requests from Shareholders in Hong Kong for redemption of Shares.

The Hong Kong Representative will forward such requests to the Transfer Agent upon receipt.

The Hong Kong Representative has, however, no authority to agree, on behalf of the Fund, that requests will be accepted.

The Hong Kong Representative and the Fund cannot, in absence of negligence, accept responsibility for any failure by the Hong Kong Representative to forward any application, exchange or redemption instruction of the Fund or for any delay in doing so.

II-65AB FCP I Italy Paying agents The paying agents in Italy may charge a commission in respect of each request for subscription, exchange or BNP Paribas Securities Services SA, redemption of shares.

Milan Branch Via Ansperto 5 Milan, Italy Allfunds Bank, S.A., Milan branch Via Santa Margherita 7 Milan, Italy Société Générale Securities Services S.p.A. Santa Chiara 19 Turin, Italy Banca Sella Holdings S.p.A., Piazza Gaudenzio Sella Biella, Italy CACEIS Bank, Italy Branch Piazza Cavour n°5 20121 Milan, Italy Poland Representative ProService Finteco Sp.

Grzybowska 53/57 00-950 Warsaw, Poland Singapore N/A Representative of the Fund AllianceBernstein (Singapore) Ltd. One Raffles Quay, #27-11 South Tower Singapore 048583 Copies of the Fund's Prospectus, Management Regulations and the latest annual and semi-annual reports are available for inspection, free of charge, at the registered office of the Representative of the Fund, during Singapore business hours.

Spain Representative of the Fund AllFunds Bank, S.A. calle Nuria no.

57, Colonia Mirasierra 28034 Madrid, Spain II-66AB FCP I Switzerland Representative and Paying Agent of the 1.

Location where the relevant documents may be obtained Fund The Prospectus, KIDs relaed to the portfolios of the Fund, BNP Paribas Paris, Management Regulations and the annual and semi-annual Succursale de Zurich reports of the Fund may be obtained free of charge from the Selnaustrasse 16 Swiss Representative.

Publications Switzerland The Fund's publications in Switzerland are made on www.fundinfo.com.

Each time Shares are issued or redeemed, the issue and redemption prices of the Shares of all of the portfolios of the Fund, respectively the Net Asset Value per Share (with the mention "excluding commissions"), are published jointly and on a daily basis on www.fundinfo.com.

Payment of retrocessions and rebates The Management Company and its agents on behalf of the Fund may pay retrocessions as remuneration for distribution activity in respect of Shares of the Fund distributed in or from Switzerland.

This remuneration may be deemed payment for the following services in particular: • client relations and management of investor accounts and activity; • assistance in marketing Shares of the Fund and assessment of suitability of Shares for investors; and • cooperation in respect of regulatory compliance, AML and other laws applicable to investor accounts.

Retrocessions are not deemed to be rebates even if they are ultimately passed on, in full or in part, to the investors.

The recipients of the retrocessions must ensure transparent disclosure and inform investors, unsolicited and free of charge, about the amount of remuneration they may receive for distribution.

On request, the recipients of retrocessions must disclose the amounts they actually receive for distributing the collective investment schemes of the investors.

In the case of distribution activity in or from Switzerland, the Management Company and its agents may, upon request, pay rebates directly to investors.

The purpose of rebates is to reduce the fees or costs incurred by the investor in question.

Rebates are permitted provided that • they are paid from fees received by the Management Company and therefore do not represent an additional charge on the Fund assets; • they are granted on the basis of objective criteria; and • all investors who meet these objective criteria and demand rebates are also granted these within the same timeframe and to the same extent.

The objective criteria for the granting of rebates by the Management Company are as follows: • the volume subscribed by the investor or the total volume they hold in the collective in-vestment scheme or, where applicable, in the product range of the promoter; • support provided in the launch phase of the Fund; II-67AB FCP I • strategic market of the investor; and • legal and regulatory considerations applicable to an investor.

At the request of the investor, the Management Company must disclose the amounts of such rebates free of charge.

4.Place of performance and jurisdiction In respect of the Shares distributed in and from Switzerland, the place of performance is at the registered office of the Swiss Representative and the place of jurisdiction is at the registered office of the Swiss Representative or at the seat/domicile of the investor.

United Arab N/A This Prospectus relates to a fund which is not subject to any Emirates (Dubai) form of regulation or approval by the Dubai Financial Services Authority ("DFSA").

The DFSA has no responsibility for reviewing or verifying any Prospectus or other documents in connection with the Fund.

Accordingly, the DFSA has not approved this Prospectus or any other associated documents nor taken any steps to verify the information set out in this Prospectus, and has no responsibility for it.

The Shares to which this Prospectus relates may be illiquid and/or subject to restrictions on their resale.

Prospective purchasers of the Shares offered should conduct their own due diligence on the Shares.

If you do not understand the contents of this document you should consult an authorised financial adviser.

United Kingdom See "Appendix D: Additional Information for UK Investors" II-68AB FCP I Appendix A: Investment Restrictions Investment Restrictions of which one or more Member States of the EU are The following restrictions apply individually to each portfolio of members or any other non Member State; the Fund and not in aggregate to the Fund as a whole, unless (iii) The above limit of 10% shall be 25% in respect of specifically so stated.

The Management Regulations place the certain authorized bonds when these are issued by a following restrictions on the Management Company: credit institution which has its registered office in a (1) The Fund may not borrow money except from banks on Member State and is subject by law to special public a temporary basis, which includes for purposes of supervision designed to protect bondholders.

In redeeming Shares, and only if the aggregate of the particular, sums deriving from the issue of these amount borrowed would not exceed 10% of the value of bonds must be invested in conformity with the law in the total net assets of the portfolio concerned, provided, assets which, during the whole period of validity of however, that this restriction shall not prevent the Fund the bonds, are capable of covering claims attaching from acquiring foreign currencies by means of a back to to the bonds and which, in the event of failure of the back loan; issuer, would be used on a priority basis for the reimbursement of the principal and payment of the accrued interest.

(2) The Fund may not mortgage, pledge, hypothecate or in When the Fund may invest more than 5% of the any manner transfer, as security for indebtedness, any assets of a portfolio in the bonds referred to above securities owned or held by the Fund except as may be and issued by one issuer, the total value of these necessary in connection with (i) borrowings mentioned in investments may not exceed 80% of the value of the (1) above, and then such mortgaging, pledging or assets of the portfolio concerned.

hypothecating may not exceed 10% of the total net assets of the portfolio concerned, and/or (ii) margin requirements (iv) The transferable securities and the money market which the Fund may have with respect to its transactions in instruments referred to in items (ii) and (iii) shall not forward or futures contracts or in options, and/or (iii) swap be included in applying the limit of 40% set out in this transactions; paragraph; and (3) Without prejudice to other provisions contained herein, the (v) Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Fund may Fund may not grant loans to or act as a guarantor on invest up to 100% of the assets of any portfolio in behalf of third parties; different transferable securities or money market instruments issued or guaranteed by any Member (4) (i) The Fund may not invest in the transferable securities or State of the EU, its local authorities, or public money market instruments of any single issuer if more international bodies of which one or more of than 10% of the total net assets of the portfolio concerned such Member States are members, or by any would consist of the transferable securities or money Member State of the OECD, provided that the market instruments of such issuer.

The Fund may not Fund holds within such portfolio transferable invest more than 20% of its assets in deposits made with securities or money market instruments from at the same body.

The total value of the transferable least six different issues, and transferable securities and the money market instruments held by the securities or money market instruments from any Fund in issuers in which it invests more than 5% of the one issue shall not account for more than 30% of total net assets of a portfolio may not exceed, at the time the net assets of such portfolio.

of any investment, 40% of the total net assets of such portfolio provided, this limitation does not apply to deposits The limits provided for in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) may made with financial institutions subject to prudential not be combined, and thus investments in transferable supervision.

This limitation does not apply to deposits and securities or money market instruments issued by the OTC derivative transactions made with financial institutions same body or in deposits made with this body carried out subject to prudential supervision.

in accordance with paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) shall under no circumstances exceed in total 35% of the net assets of Notwithstanding the individual limits laid down in a portfolio.

paragraph (1), the Fund may not combine: Issuers which are included in the same group for the - investments in transferable securities or money market purposes of consolidated accounts, as defined in instruments issued by, and/or - deposits made with, - exposures arising from OTC derivative transactions undertaken with, - a single body in excess of 20% of the net assets of a portfolio.

(ii) The above limit of 10% shall be 35% in respect of the transferable securities or the money market instruments issued or guaranteed by any Member State of the EU or any local authority thereof, or public international bodies II-69AB FCP I accordance with Directive 83/349/EEC1 or in accordance exchange or the market has been provided for in the with recognized international accounting rules, are regarded constitutional documents of the UCITS; as a single body for the purpose of calculating the limits - such admission is secured within one year of issue; contained therein.

(e) Money market instruments other than those dealt in The Fund may invest concurrently in transferable securities on a regulated market and which fall under Article 1 and money market instruments of issuers within the same of the Law of 2010, if the issue or the issuer of such group up to a limit of 20% of the net assets of the portfolio instruments are themselves regulated for the purpose concerned.

of protecting investors and savings, and provided that (4bis) (i) Without prejudice to the limits set forth in investment such instruments are: restriction (6) the limits laid down in investment restriction - issued or guaranteed by a central, regional or local (4) may be raised to a maximum of 20% for investment in authority or by a central bank of a Member State, the shares and/or debt securities issued by the same body European Central Bank, the EU or the European when the aim of the portfolio's investment policy as Investment Bank, a non-Member State or, in case of described in this Prospectus is to replicate the composition a Federal State, by one of the members making up of a certain stock or debt securities index which is the federation, or by a public international body to recognized by the Luxembourg Commission de which one or more Member States belong, or Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF") on the following basis: - issued by an undertaking any securities of which are dealt in on regulated markets referred to in - the composition of the index is sufficiently diversified, subparagraphs (a), (b) or (c) above, or - the index represents an adequate benchmark for the - issued or guaranteed by an establishment subject to market to which it refers, prudential supervision, in accordance with criteria - it is published in an appropriate manner.

defined by Community law, or by an establishment which is subject to and complies with prudential rules (ii) The limit laid down in item (i) may be raised to a considered by the CSSF to be at least as stringent as maximum of 35% where that proves to be justified by those laid down by Community law; or exceptional market conditions in particular in regulated markets where certain transferable securities or money - issued by other bodies belonging to the categories market instruments are highly dominant.

The investment approved by the CSSF provided that investments in up to this limit is only permitted for one single issuer.

such instruments are subject to investor protection equivalent to that laid down in the first, the second or (5) The Fund may not on behalf of a portfolio invest more than the third indent and provided that the issuer is a 10% of its assets in transferable securities and money company whose capital and reserves amount to at market instruments other than: least ten million euro (10,000,000 euro) and which (a) transferable securities and money market instruments presents and publishes its annual accounts in admitted to or dealt in on a regulated market; accordance with Directive 78/660/EEC, is an entity which, within a group of companies which includes (b) transferable securities and money market instruments one or several listed companies, is dedicated to the dealt in on another market in a Member State of the EU financing of the group or is an entity which is which is regulated, operates regularly and is recognized dedicated to the financing of securitization vehicles and open to the public; which benefit from a banking liquidity line.

(c) transferable securities and money market instruments (6) (i) The Fund may not purchase securities of any issuer admitted to official listing on a stock exchange in a non- if, upon such purchase, the Fund owns more than 10% Member State of the EU or dealt in on another market in of any class of the securities of such issuer, or if, as a a non-Member State of the EU which is regulated, result of such purchase, the Management Company operates regularly and is recognized and open to the may exercise a significant influence over the public provided that the choice of the stock exchange or management of the issuer.

market has been provided for in the constitutional documents of the UCITS; (ii) Moreover, the Fund may acquire no more than: (d) recently issued transferable securities and money - 10% of the debt securities of the same issuer market instruments, provided that: - 25% of the units of any single collective investment - the terms of issue include an undertaking that undertaking except in connection with a merger or application will be made for admission to official listing amalgamation on a stock exchange or on another regulated market - 10% of the money market instruments of any single which operates regularly and is recognized and open to issuing body the public, provided that the choice of the stock 1 Seventh Council Directive 83/349/EEC of 13 June 1983 based on the Article 54(3)(g) of the Treaty on consolidated accounts (OJ L 193, 18.7.1983, p. 1).

Directive repealed by Directive 2013/34/EU.

II-70AB FCP I The limits laid down in the indents above may be and liabilities, income and operations over the reporting disregarded at the time of acquisition if at that time the gross period, amount of such money market instruments or debt securities, - no more than 10% of the assets of such an undertaking or the net amount of the securities in issue, cannot be for collective investments, whose acquisition is calculated.

contemplated, may, according to their constitution (iii) The limits set forth in items (i) and (ii) shall not apply to (i) documents, in aggregate be invested in units of other transferable securities or money market instruments undertakings for collective investment, and/or issued or guaranteed by any Member State of the EU or provided that it may not invest more than 10% of the net any local authority thereof, or issued by public assets of a portfolio in units or shares of undertakings for international bodies of which one or more Member collective investment as mentioned above; States of the EU are members or issued or guaranteed by any member state of the OECD, or (ii) shares held by When the Fund invests in units of other undertakings for the Fund in the capital of a company incorporated in a collective investment in transferable securities and/or other State which is not a Member State of the EU investing its undertakings for collective investment that are managed, assets mainly in the securities of issuing bodies having directly or by delegation, by the Management Company or their registered offices in that State, where under the by any other company with which the Management legislation of that State such a holding represents the Company is linked by common management or control, or only way in which the Fund can invest in the securities of by a substantial direct or indirect holding, the Management issuing bodies of that State, if that company, in its Company or other company may not charge subscription or investment policy, complies with the limits laid down in redemption fees in connection with an acquisition or Articles 43 and 46 and in paragraphs (1) and (2) of disposal of the units of such other undertakings for Article 48 of the Law of 2010 or (iii) shares held by an collective investment.

investment company or investment companies in the (9) The Fund may not trade in options on securities or capital of subsidiary companies carrying on only the money market instruments unless the following business of management, advice or marketing in the limitations are observed: country where the subsidiary is located, in regard to the repurchase of units at unitholders' request exclusively on (i) individual purchases of call and put options and the its or their behalf.

writing of call options shall be limited so that upon exercise thereof none of the preceding restrictions (7) The Fund may not underwrite or subunderwrite securities would be infringed; of other issuers except to the extent that, in connection with the disposition of portfolio securities, the Fund may be (ii) put options may be written by the Fund provided deemed to be an underwriter under applicable securities adequate liquid assets are set aside until the expiry laws; of said put options to cover the aggregate exercise price of the securities to be acquired by the Fund (8) The Fund may not purchase securities of other pursuant thereto; undertakings for collective investment of the open-ended type, except in compliance with the following (iii) call options will only be written if such writing does not result in a short position; in such event the Fund - it may invest in collective investment undertakings will maintain within the relevant portfolio the qualifying as undertakings for collective investment in underlying securities until the expiry date of the transferable securities authorized according to the UCITS relevant call options granted by the Fund, except that Directive and/or undertakings for collective investments the Fund may dispose of said securities in declining within the meaning of the first and second indent of Article markets under the following circumstances: 1 (2) of the UCITS Directive whether they are situated in a EU Member State or not provided that: (a) the market must be sufficiently liquid to enable the Fund to cover its position at any time; - such undertakings for collective investment must be authorized under laws which provide that they are subject (b) the aggregate of the exercise prices payable under to supervision considered to be equivalent to that laid such options written shall not exceed 25% of the down in Community law, and that cooperation between net assets of each portfolio concerned; and authorities is sufficiently ensured, (c) no option will be purchased or sold unless it is - the level of protection for unitholders in these undertakings quoted on a stock exchange or dealt in on a for collective investment must be equivalent to that regulated market and provided, immediately after provided for unitholders in an undertaking for collective its acquisition, the aggregate of the acquisition investment in transferable securities registered in a EU prices of all options held by the Fund (in terms of Member State, and in particular that the rules on assets premiums paid) does not exceed 15% of the net segregation, borrowing, lending, and uncovered sales of assets of each portfolio concerned; transferable securities and money market instruments are (10) The Fund may for the purpose of hedging currency equivalent to the requirements of the UCITS Directive, risks hold forward currency contracts or currency - the business of these undertakings for collective futures or acquire currency options for amounts not investment must be reported in half-yearly and annual exceeding, respectively, the aggregate value of reports to enable an assessment to be made of the assets securities and other assets held within each portfolio concerned denominated in a particular currency, II-71AB FCP I provided, however, that the Fund may also purchase the 2. for the purpose of efficient portfolio management, the currency concerned through a cross transaction (entered Fund may enter into interest rate futures purchase into through the same counterparty), or, within the same contracts or acquire call options on interest rate limits, enter into currency swaps, should the cost thereof futures, mainly in order to facilitate changes in the be more advantageous to the Fund.

Contracts on allocation of the assets of a portfolio between currencies must either be quoted on a stock exchange or shorter or longer term markets, in anticipation of or dealt in or on a regulated market except that the Fund may in a significant market sector advance, or to give a enter into currency forward contracts or swap longer term exposure to short term investments, arrangements with highly rated financial institutions; provided, always, that sufficient uncommitted cash reserves, short dated debt securities or instruments or securities to be disposed of at predetermined (11) The Fund may not trade in index options except that value exist to match the underlying exposure of 1. for the purpose of hedging the risk of the fluctuation of the both such futures positions and the value of the value of the securities within a portfolio, the Fund may, underlying securities included in call options on on behalf of such portfolio, sell call options on stock interest rate futures acquired for the same purpose indices or acquire put options on stock indices.

In and for the same portfolio; such event the value of the underlying securities Such options on interest rate futures must either be included in the relevant stock index options shall not listed on an exchange or dealt in on a regulated exceed, together with outstanding commitments in market, except that the Fund may purchase or sell OTC financial futures contracts entered into for the same options on financial instruments, if such transactions purpose, the aggregate value of the portion of the are more advantageous to the Fund or if quoted assets of the portfolio concerned to be hedged; and options having the required features are not available, 2. for the purpose of the efficient management of its provided such transactions are made with highly rated securities portfolio, the Fund may acquire call options counterparties specializing in these types of on stock indices mainly in order to facilitate changes in transactions.

Further, the aggregate acquisition costs the allocation of the assets of a portfolio between (in terms of premiums paid) of all options on securities markets or in anticipation of or in a significant market and such options on interest rate futures and other sector advance, provided the value of the underlying financial instruments purchased by the Fund for securities included in the relevant stock index options purposes other than hedging, shall not exceed 15% of is covered within such portfolio by uncommitted cash the net assets of each of the portfolios concerned; reserves, short dated debt securities and instruments (13) The Fund may not trade in stock index futures except or securities to be disposed of at predetermined that prices; 1. for the purpose of hedging the risk of fluctuations of the Such options on stock index futures must either be listed value of the assets of a portfolio, the Fund may on an exchange or dealt in on a regulated market, except have outstanding commitments on behalf of such that the Fund may purchase or sell OTC options on portfolio in respect of index futures sales contracts financial instruments, if such transactions are more not exceeding the corresponding risk of fluctuation advantageous to the Fund or if quoted options having the of the value of the corresponding portion of such required features are not available, provided such assets; and transactions are made with highly rated counterparties specializing in these types of transactions.

Further, the 2. for the purpose of efficient portfolio management, the aggregate acquisition cost (in terms of premiums paid) of Fund may enter into index futures purchase all options on securities and such options on interest rate contracts, mainly in order to facilitate changes in futures and other financial instruments purchased by the the allocation of a portfolio's assets between Fund for purposes other than hedging, shall not exceed markets or in anticipation of or in a significant 15% of the net assets of each of the portfolios concerned; market sector advance, provided that sufficient uncommitted cash reserves, short dated debt (12) The Fund may not enter into interest rate futures contracts, securities or instruments owned by the portfolio trade in options on interest rates or enter into interest rate concerned or securities to be disposed of by such swap transactions except that portfolio at a predetermined value exist to match 1. for the purpose of hedging the risk of fluctuations of the the underlying exposure of both such futures value of the assets of a portfolio, the Fund may sell positions and the value of the underlying securities interest rate futures or write call options or purchase included in call stock index options acquired for the put options on interest rates or enter into interest rate same purpose; swaps.

Such contracts or options must be provided, further, that all such index futures must either denominated in the currencies in which the assets of be listed on an exchange or dealt in on a regulated such portfolio are denominated, or in currencies which market; are likely to fluctuate in a similar manner, and they must be listed on an exchange or dealt in on a (14) The Fund may not lend portfolio investments except regulated market, provided, however, that interest rate against receipt of adequate security either in the form swap transactions may be entered into by private of bank guarantees of highly rated financial institutions agreement with highly rated financial institutions; and or in the form of a pledge of cash or securities issued II-72AB FCP I by governments of member states of the OECD.

No when complying with the requirements of this securities lending may be made, except through investment restriction 18. recognized clearing houses or highly rated financial (19) The Fund may invest in financial derivative instruments, institutions specializing in these types of transactions and including equivalent cash-settled instruments, dealt in for more than one half of the value of the securities of each on a regulated market, and/or financial derivative portfolio and for periods exceeding 30 days; instruments dealt in over-the-counter ("OTC (15) The Fund may not purchase real estate, but the Fund may derivatives"), provided that: make investments in companies which invest in or own real estate; - the underlying consists of securities covered by Article 41(1) of the Law of 2010, financial indices, (16) The Fund may not enter into transactions involving interest rates, foreign exchange rates or currencies, commodities, commodity contracts or securities in which the portfolios may invest according to their representing merchandise or rights to merchandise, and investment objective; for purposes hereof commodities includes precious metals, except that the Fund may purchase and sell securities that - the counterparties to OTC derivative transactions are are secured by commodities and securities of companies institutions subject to prudential supervision, and which invest or deal in commodities and may enter into belonging to the categories approved by the derivative instruments transactions on commodity indices Luxembourg supervisory authority; provided that such financial indices comply with the criteria laid down in Article 9 of the Grand-Ducal Regulation dated - the OTC derivatives are subject to reliable and 8 February 2008 relating to certain definitions of the Law of verifiable valuation on a daily basis and can be sold, 2010 and in the CSSF Circular 08/339 dated 19 February liquidated or closed by an offsetting transaction at 2008 regarding guidelines of the Committee of European any time at their fair value at the Fund's initiative.

Securities Regulators (CESR) concerning eligible assets If provided otherwise in Section I of this prospectus for for investment by UCITS; and any specific portfolio, the Fund may invest in financial (17)The Fund may not purchase any securities on margin derivative instruments.

(except that the Fund may obtain such short-term credit as may be necessary for the clearance of purchases and To the extent a portfolio invests in financial derivative sales of portfolio securities) or make short sales of instruments, the investment policy of the relevant portfolio securities or maintain a short position, except that it may will describe the financial derivative instruments which will make initial and maintenance margin deposits in respect of be used.

futures and forward contracts (and options thereon).

(20) A portfolio of the Fund may subscribe, acquire and/or (18) The Fund must employ a risk-management process which hold shares to be issued or issued by one or more enables it to monitor and measure at any time the risk of portfolios of the Fund (the "Target Portfolio(s)") under the positions and their contribution to the overall risk profile the condition that: of each portfolio; it must employ a process for accurate – the Target Portfolio(s) do(es) not, in turn, invest in and independent assessment of the value of OTC the portfolio; derivative instruments.

– no more than 10% of the assets of the Target Under no circumstances shall these operations cause the Portfolio(s) whose acquisition is contemplated may be Fund to diverge from its investment objectives as laid invested in units of other funds; down in the description of the portfolio concerned as specified in the relevant portion of Section I hereof.

– in any event, for as long as these shares are held The Fund shall ensure that its global exposure relating to by the portfolio, their value will not be taken into derivative instruments of each portfolio does not exceed consideration for the calculation of the net assets of the total net value of the relevant securities portfolio.

the Fund for the purposes of verifying the minimum threshold of the net assets imposed by the Law of The exposure is calculated taking into account the current 2010; and value of the underlying assets, the counterparty risk, future market movements and the time available to liquidate the – there is no duplication of management/subscription positions.

This shall also apply to the following or redemption fees between those at the level of the subparagraphs.

portfolio and the Target Portfolio(s).

The Fund also may invest in financial derivative Master Feeder Structure.

Notwithstanding the above and instruments provided that the exposure to the underlying under the conditions laid down by the Law of 2010 and assets does not exceed in aggregate the investment limits regulations, each portfolio may act as a feeder fund (the laid down in investment restriction (4).

When the Fund "Feeder") of a UCITS or of a portfolio of such UCITS (the invests in index-based financial derivative instruments, "Master"), which shall neither itself be a feeder fund nor these investments do not have to be combined to the limits hold units/shares of a feeder fund.

In such a case the laid down in investment restriction (4).

Feeder shall invest at least 85% of its assets in shares/units of the Master.

When a transferable security or money market instrument embeds a derivative, the latter must be taken into account The Feeder may not invest more than 15% of its assets in one or more of the following: II-73AB FCP I (a) ancillary liquid assets in accordance with Article 41 (2), the Fund's investment restrictions, and, therefore, second paragraph of the Law of 2010; investments in securities dealt on such markets are subject to the 10% limit set forth in paragraph (5) above (however, (b) financial derivative instruments, which may be used exposure to Russia through other regulated markets is not only for hedging purposes, in accordance with Article 41 (1) g) subject to this restriction).

As of the date of this and Article 42 (2) and (3) of the Law of 2010; Prospectus, the Russian Trading Stock Exchange and the When a portfolio qualifying as a Feeder invests in the Moscow Interbank Currency Exchange qualify as regulated shares/units of a Master, the Master may not charge markets under the Fund’s investment restrictions.

subscription or redemption fees on account of the portfolio’s investment in the shares/units of the Master.

Restrictions on Investments in Korea.

For a Portfolio registered with the Korean Financial Services Commission, Should a portfolio qualify as a Feeder, a description of all such Portfolio may invest no more than 40% of its net remuneration and reimbursement of costs payable by the assets in Korean Won-denominated assets.

Feeder by virtue of its investments in shares/units of the Master, as well as the aggregate charges of both the Feeder Restrictions on Investments in Hong Kong.

For a and the Master, shall be disclosed in the relevant section of the Portfolio authorized by the Securities and Futures prospectus relating to such Portfolio.

Commission, unless otherwise specifically stated in a Portfolio’s investment objective and policies, the following Note on Investment Restrictions.

The Management shall apply in addition to the Investment Restrictions set out Company need not comply with the investment limit in the Prospectus.

A Portfolio’s exposure to Loss-absorption percentages set forth above when exercising subscription Products as defined by the Securities and Futures rights attaching to transferable securities or money market Commission, including, but not limited to, contingent instruments which form part of the assets of the Fund.

convertible securities shall be less than 30% of its Net If, by reason of subsequent fluctuations in values of the Fund's Assets.

assets or as a result of the exercise of subscription rights, the investment limit percentages above are infringed, priority will Environmental, Social, and Governance Integration be given, when sales of securities are made, to correcting the Policy.

Environmental, social and governance (ESG) situation, having due regard to the interests of Shareholders.

considerations are integrated into the Investment Manager’s research and investment processes through the The Management Company may from time to time impose the AB Stewardship Approach.

Investment Manager’s further investment restrictions as are compatible with or in the research analysts are experts in the specific industries and interest of the Shareholders, in order to comply with the laws the companies and issuers they cover.

Using their own and regulations of the countries where the Shares are sold.

proprietary research, third-party research and findings from If provided otherwise in Section I of this prospectus for any other sources incorporated in Investment Manager’s specific portfolio, the Fund may derogate from the above research collaboration platform, they analyze firms’ and investment restrictions to the extent that it does not exceed any issuers’ ESG practices to identify potentially material ESG investment restriction laid down in the UCITS Directive.

factors that can vary company by company and issuer by issuer.

ESG considerations are incorporated into the Taiwan Investment Restrictions.

For a portfolio registered Investment Manager’s research and investment process with the Taiwan Securities and Futures Bureau, the following and are one of several considerations for making shall apply in addition to the Investment Restrictions set out in investment decisions.

After consideration of all ESG factors the Prospectus.

The total value of the non-offset short position including those that could negatively impact a security of in derivatives shall not exceed the total market value of the issuers or companies, the Investment Manager may still relevant securities held by the portfolio and the total value of purchase the security and/or retain it in the Portfolio.

ESG the non-offset long position in derivatives shall not exceed 40% considerations may not be applicable to all types of of the Net Asset Value of such portfolio (determined in instruments or investments.

Analysts also may monitor and accordance with any applicable interpretations from the Taiwan engage with companies and issuers in which Investment Securities and Futures Commission Bureau), unless approval Manager’s invest or intend to invest.

More information on for waiver of such 40% derivatives limit is obtained from the the AB Stewardship Approach can be found at the Taiwan Securities and Futures Bureau.

responsible investment section under the Management Company website.

In addition, the following restrictions shall apply to investments related to the PRC: a portfolio's direct investment in securities Controversial Weapons Policy.

The Management issued in the PRC's securities markets is limited to listed Company arranges for the screening of companies globally securities and securities traded in the Chinese Interbank Bond for their corporate involvement in anti-personnel mines, Market and the total amount of such investment is not cluster munitions and/or munitions made with depleted permitted to exceed 20% of the Net Asset Value of such uranium.

Where such corporate involvement has been portfolio, unless approval for extending such limit to 40% is verified, the Management Company’s policy is not to permit obtained from the Taiwan Securities and Futures Bureau.

the Fund to invest in securities issued by such companies.

Restrictions on Investments in Russia.

Currently, certain markets in Russia do not qualify as regulated markets under II-74AB FCP I Appendix B: Excessive and Short-Term Trading Policy and Procedures Purchases and exchanges of Shares should be made for will continue to be permitted in accordance with the terms of investment purposes only.

The Management Company of the Prospectus.

A blocked account will generally remain the Fund does not permit market-timing or other excessive blocked unless and until the account holder or the trading practices.

Excessive, short-term trading practices associated financial intermediary provides evidence or may disrupt portfolio management strategies and harm assurance acceptable to the Management Company that Fund performance.

The Management Company reserves the account holder did not or will not in the future engage in the right to restrict, reject or cancel, without any prior notice, excessive or short-term trading.

any purchase or exchange order for any reason, including Application of Surveillance Procedures and any purchase or exchange order accepted by any Restrictions to Omnibus Accounts.

Omnibus account Shareholder's financial intermediary.

The Management arrangements are common forms of holding Shares, Company will not be held liable for any loss resulting from particularly among financial intermediaries.

The rejected orders.

Management Company seeks to apply its surveillance Surveillance procedures.

The Management Company of procedures to these omnibus account arrangements.

The the Fund has adopted policies and procedures designed to Management Company will monitor turnover of assets as a detect and deter frequent purchases and redemptions of result of purchases and redemptions in the omnibus Shares or excessive or short-term trading that may account.

If excessive turnover, in the opinion of the disadvantage long-term Shareholders.

The Management Management Company or its agents, is detected, the Company, through its agents, maintains surveillance Management Company will notify the intermediary and procedures to detect excessive or short-term trading in request that the financial intermediary review individual Shares.

This surveillance process involves several factors, account transactions for excessive or short-term trading which include scrutinizing transactions in Shares that activity and take appropriate action to curtail the activity, exceed certain monetary thresholds or numerical limits which may include applying blocks to accounts to prohibit within a specified period of time.

For purposes of these future purchases and exchanges of Shares.

The transaction surveillance procedures, the Management Management Company will continue to monitor the turnover Company may consider trading activity in multiple accounts attributable to a financial intermediary’s omnibus account under common ownership, control, or influence.

Trading arrangement and may consider whether to terminate the activity identified by either, or a combination, of these relationship if the financial intermediary does not factors, or as a result of any other information available at demonstrate that appropriate action has been taken.

the time, will be evaluated to determine whether such Limitations on Ability to Detect and Curtail Excessive activity might constitute excessive or short-term trading.

Trading Practices.

While the Management Company will Despite the efforts of the Management Company and its try to prevent market timing by utilizing adopted procedures, agents to detect excessive or short duration trading in these procedures may not be successful in identifying or Shares, there is no guarantee that the Management stopping excessive or short-term trading.

Shareholders Company will be able to identify these Shareholders or seeking to engage in excessive short-term trading activities curtail their trading practices.

may deploy a variety of strategies to avoid detection and, Account Blocking Procedures.

If the Management despite the efforts of the Management Company and its Company determines, in its sole discretion, that a particular agents to detect excessive or short duration trading in transaction or pattern of transactions identified by the Shares, there is no guarantee that the Management transaction surveillance procedures is excessive or short- Company will be able to identify these Shareholders or term trading in nature, the relevant AB funds account(s) will curtail their trading practices.

be immediately "blocked" and no future purchase or exchange activity will be permitted.

However, redemptions II-75AB FCP I Appendix C: Additional Information relating to Financial Derivative Instruments, Financial Techniques and Instruments and Collateral Management Finally, the risk exposure to a single counterparty The following provisions apply individually to each portfolio generated through OTC financial derivative instruments of the Fund that invests in financial derivative instruments and efficient portfolio management techniques may not and/or enters into the financial techniques and instruments exceed 10% of the portfolio’s assets when the counterparty as described below.

is a credit institution referred to in Article 41(1) (f) of the Law of 2010 or 5% of the portfolio’s assets in other cases.

Financial Derivative Instruments General Total return swaps and other financial derivative instruments with similar characteristics To the extent provided for in its investment policy a portfolio may invest in financial derivative instruments within the A total return swap is an agreement in which one party limits laid down in (i) the Appendix A "Investment (total return payer) transfers the total economic Restrictions" and (ii) the relevant part of Section I of the performance of a reference obligation to the other party prospectus relating to such portfolio.

Total economic performance includes income from interest and fees, gains or losses A portfolio may use financial derivative instruments for from market movements, and credit losses.

The hedging, efficient portfolio management and, to the extent counterparties to these transactions are subject to permitted by its investment policy, for investment purposes.

prudential supervision rules considered by the CSSF as Under no circumstances shall the use of these financial equivalent to those prescribed by Community law.

Each derivative instruments cause a portfolio to diverge from its counterparty is selected on the basis of the following investment policy or objective.

combined criteria: regulatory status, protection provided by When a portfolio invests in financial derivative instruments; local legislation, operational processes and the underlying of which is an eligible index, such creditworthiness analysis including review of available investment will not be taken in account to determine the credit spreads and/or external credit ratings.

concentration limits and investment restrictions laid down in Total return swaps entered into by a Portfolio may be in the Appendix A "Investment Restrictions".

form of funded and/or unfunded swaps.

Total return swaps Unless otherwise provided for in its investment policy, a are in principle unfunded.

However, the Investment portfolio shall not enter into financial derivative instruments Manager reserves the right to enter into funded swaps.

An the counterparty of which may assume any discretion over unfunded swap means a swap where no upfront payment is the composition of the underlying of the financial derivative made by the total return receiver at inception.

A funded instruments.

swap means a swap where the total return receiver pays an upfront amount in return for the total return of the reference When a transferable security or money market instrument asset and can therefore be costlier due to the upfront embeds a financial derivative instrument, such financial payment requirement.

derivative instrument must be taken into account when complying with the limits laid down either in Appendix A In case where a specific portfolio enters into total return "Investment Restrictions" or in the relevant part of Section I swaps and/or other financial derivative instruments with of the prospectus relating to a specific portfolio.

similar characteristics ("TRSs"), the type of underlying assets to which exposure will be gained through such TRSs Whenever a portfolio enters into financial derivative have to comply with the relevant portfolio’s investment instruments, it shall ensure that it holds sufficient liquid policy in Section I of this prospectus.

assets to cover at any time the portfolio’s obligations resulting from such financial derivative instruments.

In case where a specific portfolio enters into TRSs, the maximum and the expected proportions of the portfolio’s Agreements on OTC derivatives assets under management that could be subject to TRSs are disclosed in the relevant part of Section I relating to Unless otherwise provided for in its investment policy, a such portfolio.

portfolio may enter into OTC derivatives transactions to the extent that the counterparties to such transactions are All revenues resulting from TRSs relating to a specific institutions which are either credit institutions or investment portfolio are allocated to such portfolio and neither the firms subject to prudential supervision, and belonging to the Investment Manager nor the Management Company will categories approved by the CSSF.

Each counterparty is take any fees out of those revenues.

selected on the basis of the following combined criteria: regulatory status, protection provided by local legislation, Global exposure operational processes and creditworthiness analysis As per Article 42(3) of the Law of 2010, a Portfolio "shall including review of available credit spreads and/or external ensure that its global exposure relating to derivative credit ratings.

instruments does not exceed the total net value of its The identity of the counterparties will be disclosed in the portfolio.

The exposure is calculated taking into account the annual report of the Fund.

current value of the underlying assets, the counterparty risk, future market movements and the time available to liquidate the positions."

II-76AB FCP I The Management Company shall ensure that the global Efficient Portfolio Management Techniques exposure of each portfolio relating to financial derivative Subject to the conditions and within the limits laid down in instruments does not exceed the total net assets of the the Law of 2010 as well as any circulars issued by the CSSF portfolio.

The portfolio's overall risk exposure shall from time to time, and in particular the CSSF Circular 14/592 consequently not exceed 200% of its total net assets.

This transposing the ESMA/2014/937 Guidelines for competent overall risk limit may be increased by 10% by means of authorities and UCITS management companies - Guidelines temporary borrowing.

on ETFs and other UCITS issues (the "ESMA Guidelines"), The global exposure relating to financial derivative a portfolio may employ techniques and instruments relating instruments of a portfolio may be calculated through either to transferable securities and money market instruments, the "Value-at-Risk" or the "Commitment" approach.

such as securities lending and repurchase agreement transactions, provided that such techniques and instruments The "Value-at-Risk" approach are used for the purpose of efficient portfolio management.

The "Value-at-Risk" ("VaR") approach is an approach for These techniques will be used in accordance with the measuring the global exposure based on the maximum investment policy of the relevant Portfolio in order to seek to potential loss that can arise at a given confidence level over achieve the investment objective and/or increase financial a specific time period under normal market conditions.

returns for the Portfolio.

Securities Lending will be used on a continuous basis.

Other SFTs will be used where the VaR reports will be produced and monitored on a daily opportunity arises in the opinion of the Investment Manager.

basis based on the following criteria: - 1 month holding period; Under no circumstances shall these operations cause the - 99% confidence level; and portfolio to diverge from its investment objectives as specified in the relevant portion of Section I hereof nor - stress testing will also be applied on an ad hoc entail any substantial supplementary risks.

All the revenues arising from efficient portfolio management VaR may be expressed either in absolute terms ("Absolute techniques, net of direct and indirect operational costs and VaR") or in relative terms, where the VaR of a portfolio is fees, will be returned to the portfolio.

These costs and fees compared to the VaR of the portfolio’s benchmark ("Relative should not include hidden revenue.

The annual report of the Fund shall contain details of (i) the Absolute VaR – The Absolute VaR methodology is generally revenues arising from efficient portfolio management used in the absence of an identifiable reference portfolio or techniques for the entire reporting period together with (ii) benchmark.

Under the Absolute VaR approach, the limit is the direct and indirect operational costs and fees incurred set as a percentage of the net asset value of the portfolio.

by each Portfolio in this respect, as well as the identity of The limit for the portfolio using the Absolute VaR the entities to which such costs and fees are paid and any methodology is set at 20% of the portfolio’s NAV.

affiliation they may have with the Depositary, the Relative VaR – The Relative VaR methodology is used for Investment Manager or the Management Company, if any portfolio where a benchmark reflecting the investment applicable.

strategy of the portfolio is identifiable and available.

Under The Management Company will maintain the volume of the Relative VaR methodology a limit is set as a these transactions at a level such that it is able, at all times, percentage of the VaR of the benchmark or the reference to meet redemption requests.

The maximum VaR limit of a portfolio using the Relative VaR methodology is set up at 200% of the portfolio's benchmark which is disclosed in the relevant part of Section I of the prospectus.

Securities Lending Transactions.

A portfolio may enter into securities lending transactions which are transactions through which the portfolio lends its securities to another The Commitment Approach party, the borrower, which is contractually obliged to return equivalent securities at the end of an agreed period.

While The commitment approach converts the financial derivative securities are on loan, the borrower pays the portfolio instruments into equivalent positions in the underlying concerned (i) a loan fee and (ii) any income from the assets of those financial derivative instruments, after securities.

A portfolio may enter only into securities lending netting and hedging arrangements where the market value transactions provided that it complies with the following of underlying security positions may be offset by other rules: commitments related to the same underlying positions.

Under the commitment approach, the global exposure of a (i) the portfolio may lend securities to a borrower portfolio related solely to financial derivative instruments either directly or through a standardized system may not exceed 100% of total net assets of such portfolio.

organized by a recognized clearing institution or through a lending system organized by a financial institution subject to prudential supervision rules II-77AB FCP I considered by the CSSF as equivalent to those for its services and the guaranty provided.

As securities provided by Community law and specializing in this lending revenue sharing does not increase the costs of type of transaction; running the portfolio, the amount allocated to the Lending Agent has been excluded from the ongoing charges.

(ii) the counterparty to the securities lending Repurchase and Reverse Repurchase Agreements.

To agreement must be subject to prudential the extent permitted by its investment policy, a portfolio supervision rules considered by the CSSF as equivalent to those prescribed by Community law.

may enter either into reverse repurchase agreements or Securities Lending counterparties are based in repurchase agreements.

A repurchase agreement OECD countries and are selected by the Lending transaction consists in a transaction where a portfolio sells Agent subject to the Lending Agent’s credit review.

securities to a counterparty and simultaneously commits Each counterparty is selected on the basis of the itself to repurchase the securities from the counterparty at following combined criteria: regulatory status, an agreed-upon date and price.

Repurchase agreements protection provided by local legislation, operational will be used for financing purposes primarily.

Reverse processes and creditworthiness analysis including repurchase agreements will be used to take advantage of review of available credit spreads and/or external credit ratings.

opportunities where securities "trade special".

A reverse repurchase agreement is a transaction where a portfolio (iii) the risk exposure to a single counterparty buys securities from a counterparty and simultaneously generated through a securities lending transaction commits itself to resell the securities to the counterparty at or other efficient portfolio management techniques an agreed-upon date and price.

A portfolio may enter into and OTC financial derivative instruments may not repurchase and reverse repurchase agreements provided it exceed 10% of the portfolio’s assets when the complies with the following rules: counterparty is a credit institution referred to in Article 41(1) (f) of the Law of 2010 or 5% of the (i) the counterparties to these transactions are subject portfolio’s assets in other cases.

to prudential supervision rules considered by the CSSF as equivalent to those prescribed by Securities Lending will be used to generate income and this Community law.

Each counterparty is selected on income only comes through a fee paid by the borrower to the basis of the following combined criteria: the Portfolio.

regulatory status, protection provided by local The Management Company will receive, for each portfolio legislation, operational processes and that participates in the securities lending programme, creditworthiness analysis including review of collateral that is at least equivalent to 105% of the value of available credit spreads and/or external credit the lent securities.

ratings; A portfolio may only enter into securities lending (ii) securities purchased with a repurchase option or transactions provided that (i) it is entitled at all times to through a reverse repurchase agreement request the return of the securities lent or to terminate any transaction must be compliant with the relevant securities lending transactions and (ii) that these CSSF circulars and the portfolio’s investment transactions do not jeopardize the management of the policy and must together with the other securities portfolio’s assets in accordance with its investment policy.

that the portfolio holds, comply with the portfolio’s investment restrictions; In case where a specific portfolio enters into securities lending transactions, the maximum and the expected (iii) the risk exposure to a counterparty generated proportions of the portfolio’s assets under management that through such transactions or other efficient could be subject to securities lending transactions are portfolio management techniques and OTC disclosed in the relevant part of Section I of the prospectus financial derivative instruments may not exceed relating to such portfolio.

10% of the portfolio’s assets when the counterparty is a credit institution referred to in Article 41(1) (f) The Management Company, acting on behalf of the Fund, of the Law of 2010 or 5% of the portfolio’s assets in has appointed Brown Brothers Harriman & Co., a New York other cases.

limited partnership with an office in Boston, Massachusetts (the "Lending Agent") to carry out the securities lending A portfolio may only enter into (i) a repurchase agreement transactions, and notably for the counterparties’ selection, provided that it shall be able at any time to recall any subject to the Management Company’s pre-approval, and securities or to terminate the agreement and (ii) a reverse the management of the collateral.

To the extent a portfolio repurchase agreement provided that it shall be able at any enters into securities lending transactions, it will receive time to recall the full amount of cash or to terminate the 80% of the associated revenue generated.

The outstanding agreement on either an accrued basis or a mark-to-market 20% will be allocated to the Lending Agent in consideration basis, it being understood that when the cash is recallable II-78AB FCP I at any time on a mark-to-market basis, the mark-to-market terms of country, markets and issuers.

As per the ESMA value of the reverse repurchase agreement should be used Guidelines, the criterion of sufficient diversification with for the calculation of the net asset value.

respect to issuer concentration is considered to be respected if a portfolio receives from a counterparty of Fixed-term repurchase and reverse repurchase efficient portfolio management and OTC derivative agreements that do not exceed seven days are considered transactions a basket of collateral with a maximum as arrangements on terms that allow the assets to be exposure to a given issuer of 20% of its net asset value.

In recalled at any time by the portfolio.

addition, if a portfolio is exposed to different counterparties, All revenues resulting from repurchase and reverse the different baskets of collateral should be aggregated to repurchase agreements relating to a specific portfolio are calculate the 20% limit of exposure to a single issuer.

allocated to such portfolio.

Notwithstanding the above provisions, a portfolio may be fully collateralized in transferable securities and money In case where a specific portfolio enters into repurchase market instruments issued or guaranteed by sovereign or agreements and/or reverse repurchase agreements, the other governmental issuers with a short term credit rating of maximum and the expected proportions of the portfolio’s at least A-1+ or its equivalent by at least one major assets under management that could be subject to such transactions are disclosed in the relevant part of Section I recognized rating agency, provided that such portfolio must of the prospectus relating to such portfolio.

receive securities from at least six different issues and securities from one issue do not account for more than 30% of the total assets of such portfolio.

Management of collateral received with respect to OTC derivative transactions and efficient portfolio f) Risks linked to the management of collateral – Risks management techniques linked to the management of collateral such as operational As per the ESMA Guidelines, the risk exposures to a and legal risks, should be identified, managed and counterparty arising from OTC derivative transactions and mitigated by the risk management process.

efficient portfolio management techniques should be combined when calculating the counterparty risk limits g) Title of transfer of the collateral – Where there is a title referred to in Article 43 of the Law of 2010. transfer, the collateral received should be held by the depositary of the portfolio.

For other types of collateral All assets received by a portfolio in the context of OTC arrangement, the collateral can be held by a third party derivative transactions or efficient portfolio management custodian which is subject to prudential supervision, and techniques should be considered as collateral and should which is unrelated to the provider of the collateral.

comply with all the criteria laid down below.

Where a portfolio enters into OTC derivative transactions h) Collateral received should be capable of being fully and efficient portfolio management techniques, all collateral enforced by the portfolio at any time without reference to or used to reduce counterparty risk exposure of such portfolio approval from the counterparty.

should comply at all times with the following criteria: i) Non-cash collateral received should not be sold, re- a) Liquidity – Any collateral received other than cash should invested or pledged.

be highly liquid and traded on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility with transparent pricing to ensure j) Cash collateral received should only be: that it can be sold quickly at a price that is close to pre-sale - placed on deposit with entities prescribed in Article valuation.

Collateral received should also comply with the 41 (f) of the Law of 2010; provisions of Article 43 of the Law of 2010.

- invested in high-quality government bonds; b) Valuation – Collateral received should be valued on at - used for the purpose of reverse repo transactions least a daily basis and assets that exhibit high price provided the transactions are with credit volatility should not be accepted as collateral unless institutions subject to prudential supervision and suitably conservative haircuts are in place.

the portfolio is able to recall at any time the full c) Issuer credit quality – Collateral received should be of amount of cash on accrued basis; and high quality.

- invested in short-term money market funds as defined in the CESR Guidelines 10-049 on a d) Correlation – the collateral received by a portfolio should Common Definition of European Money Market be issued by an entity that is independent from the Funds .

counterparty and is expected not to display a high correlation with the performance of such counterparty.

As long as it complies with the above mentioned conditions, the collateral may consist of (i) cash, (ii) corporate bonds e) Collateral diversification (asset concentration) – Collateral received should be sufficiently diversified in II-79AB FCP I and/or (iii) debt securities (as further described in the table conditions to enable the Management Company to assess hereinafter).

the portfolio’s liquidity risk attached to the collateral.

Finally, the Management Company has applied a haircut policy The Management Company will receive, for each portfolio adapted for each class of assets received as collateral with that participates in the securities lending programme, respect to OTC derivative transactions and efficient collateral that is at least equivalent to 105% of the value of portfolio management techniques.

A haircut is a the lent securities.

With respect to bilateral OTC financial percentage, deducted from the market value of the asset derivative instruments, the valuation of such instruments received as collateral, meant to reflect the perceived risk has to be marked-to-market daily.

As a result of such associated with holding the asset.

The haircut policy takes valuations, the counterparty, subject to minimum transfer account of the characteristics of the relevant securities amounts, will have to post additional collateral when the received as collateral such as the maturity and the credit market value of its obligation has risen or remove collateral rating of the issuer of such securities, the historical price when it has fallen.

volatility of the securities as well as the results of any stress Re-invested cash collateral should be diversified in tests which may be performed from time to time in accordance with the diversification requirements applicable accordance with the rules laid down in the ESMA to non-cash collateral.

As of the date of this Prospectus, the Guidelines.

Fund does not re-invest cash collateral.

Should the Fund The following haircuts for collateral in OTC derivative decide in the future to re-invest the cash collateral of a transactions are used by the Management Company to specific portfolio, the re-investment policy will be reflected enter into negotiations with counterparties.

Generally the in the next update of the Prospectus.

final arrangements with counterparties as defined in the Where a portfolio receives collateral for at least 30% of its respective derivative transaction documentation will assets, the Management Company will put in place an conform with these haircut ranges (the Management appropriate stress testing policy to ensure regular stress Company reserves the right to vary this policy at any time tests are carried out under normal and exceptional liquidity and will update the Prospectus as soon as practicable): Collateral Haircut 1.

Cash 0% - 1% 2. money market instruments with an external credit 0% - 2% rating A or above 3. bonds issued or guaranteed by a central, regional Residual Maturity or local authority or by a central bank of an 1 to 5 years 5 to 10 years Beyond 10 Years eligible jurisdiction (and in the case of a Federal 2% - 5% 2% - 10% 3% - 25% State, by one of the members making up the federation) or by a public international body to which one or more eligible jurisdiction belong.

4. corporate debt instruments (US denominated) Credit Rating At least AA or At least A or At least BBB or equivalent equivalent equivalent 6% - 10% 10% - 15% 20% - 25% 5.

Equity security part of a main market index 10% -30% Risk and potential Conflicts of Interest associated with OTC derivative transactions and efficient portfolio management techniques There are certain risks involved in OTC derivative transactions, efficient portfolio management techniques and the management of collateral in relation to such activities.

For more information on the risks applicable to such type of transactions, investors should refer to the section "Risk Factors" of this Prospectus and more specifically to the "Derivatives Risk" and "Conflicts of Interest" provisions thereof.

II-80AB FCP I Appendix D: Additional Information for UK Investors General Emerging Markets Growth I Dollar Portfolio This Supplement should be read in conjunction with the Fund's Prospectus, of which it forms part.

References to the "Prospectus" are to be taken as references to that Japan Strategic Value I Yen document as supplemented or amended hereby.

Portfolio Potential investors should note that the investments of the Fund are subject to risks inherent in investing in shares and other securities.

The risks associated with an investment in the Fund are set out in Section II of this Prospectus in the Where a Shareholder disposes of Shares of a class that sub-section entitled "Risk Factors."

has had "reporting fund" status continuously throughout the period that the Shareholder has held those Shares, and The value of investments and the income from them, and provided the Shares are not held as trading stock, the gain therefore the value of, and income from, the Shares of each realised by the Shareholder on disposal of those Shares will class can go down as well as up and an investor may not be subject to capital gains tax in the case of an individual get back the amount he invests.

Changes in exchange Shareholder (in which case the amount of the rates between currencies may also cause the value of the Shareholder's chargeable gain may be reduced by the investment to diminish or increase.

annual CGT exemption) or corporation tax on chargeable gains for corporate entities (in which case the amount of the UK Taxation Shareholder's chargeable gain may be reduced by The summary below is intended to be a general outline of indexation allowance).

Losses on disposals of Shares will the anticipated United Kingdom tax treatment applicable to be eligible for capital gains loss relief.

Shareholders who are resident and domiciled (in the case Shareholders should, however, be aware that "reporting of individuals) in the United Kingdom and are the beneficial fund" status must be maintained throughout the owners of their Shares.

Shareholder’s entire period of holding in order for the The Fund.

As a Luxembourg mutual investment fund Shareholder to avail itself of such capital gains treatment.

(fonds commun de placement), the Fund will be treated for Where a Shareholder holds Shares of a class that has not the purposes of United Kingdom income tax and had "reporting fund" status throughout the entire period of corporation tax on income (but not for the purposes of holding, the entirety of any gains realised on a disposal of United Kingdom capital gains tax or corporation tax on Shares will be taxed as "offshore income gain" at the rates chargeable gains, as to which see below) as a "tax- of tax applicable to income and not as capital gain.

Accordingly, the Fund will not be liable For as long as a class of Shares has "reporting fund" for United Kingdom taxation on its income (although it may status, the Fund will be required (as a condition of the receive interest and certain other kinds of income after "reporting fund" regime) to calculate on an annual basis the deduction of United Kingdom income tax withheld at "reportable income" (which excludes capital gains) source, where that income has a United Kingdom source).

attributable to the relevant class of Shares and "report" that For the purposes of United Kingdom capital gains tax and income to the Shareholders holding Shares of that class.

corporation tax on chargeable gains, the Fund, as an entity The method of computation of "reportable income" is set that is an "offshore fund" for United Kingdom tax purposes out in the Offshore Funds (Tax) Regulations 2009 (the but that is not a company, a partnership or a unit trust "Regulations").

"Reportable income" reported to scheme, will be treated as if it were a "tax-opaque" Shareholders in accordance with the Regulations will be company.

The Management Company of the Fund intends treated as though it were in fact distributed.

Accordingly, to conduct the affairs of the Fund in such a way that the Shareholders holding Shares of the relevant class on the Fund is neither resident for tax purposes in the United register on the last day of the period will be subject to tax Kingdom nor carrying on a trade in the United Kingdom.

In on this deemed distribution as at the "fund distribution date" such circumstances, the Fund will not be liable to United (i.e.

the date six months after the last day of the reporting Kingdom taxation on capital gains arising from the disposal period) or such earlier date as the reported income is of its assets.

recognised in the Shareholder's accounts.

Relief will be available for such reported but undistributed income when The Management Company has obtained UK reporting fund the Shareholder ultimately calculates their capital gain on status in respect of the following classes of Shares of the disposal of Shares, so that these amounts will not be Fund at the date of this prospectus and intend to comply subject to UK taxation a second time.

with the regime going forward (although there can be no guarantee that this status will continue to be available): Special rules apply to certain categories of United Kingdom investors, including pension funds, insurance companies, investment trusts, authorised unit trusts and open ended Portfolio Share Currency investment companies.

Such investors should consult their Class legal counsel for further information.

Asia Ex-Japan Equity I Dollar Portfolio Sterling (denominated) II-81AB FCP I Important for the purchase of Shares and redemption requests should be sent to the Management Company's transfer agent A United Kingdom investor who enters into an investment division, details of which are contained in the Directory to agreement with the Fund to acquire Shares in response to the Prospectus or alternatively, requests for redemption can the Prospectus will not have the right to cancel the be made directly to the Facilities Agent at the above- agreement under the cancellation rules made by the mentioned offices, attn: Managing Director of Financial Services Authority ("FSA").

The agreement will be AllianceBernstein Global Wealth Management, phone binding upon acceptance of the order by the Fund.

The Fund does not carry on any regulated activity from a Documents Available For Inspection permanent place of business in the United Kingdom and United Kingdom investors are advised that most of the Copies of the following documents may be inspected free of protections afforded by the United Kingdom regulatory charge during usual business hours on any week day system will not apply to an investment in the Fund.

(Saturday and public holidays excepted) at the offices of the Shareholders in the Fund may not be protected by the Facilities Agent: Financial Services Compensation Scheme established in (a) the Management Regulations of the Fund and any the United Kingdom.

The registered address of the amendments thereto; Management Company is set out in the "Directory" to the Prospectus.

(b) the Articles of Association of the Management Company and any amendments thereto; Dealing Arrangements and Information (c) the Prospectus most recently issued by the Fund AllianceBernstein Limited (the "Facilities Agent") will act as together with any supplements; the facilities agent for the Fund in the United Kingdom and it has agreed to provide certain facilities at its offices at 60 (d) the key investor information documents s most recently London Wall, London, EC2M 5SJ, United Kingdom, in issued by the Fund; and respect of the Fund.

(e) the most recently published annual and half yearly Publication of Information reports relating to the Fund.

The Net Asset Value per Share of each class of Shares is The above documents may be delivered to interested available on each Business Day at the registered office of investors at their request.

the Management Company and from the Facilities Agent by Facilities available in English at the offices of the Facilities telephone on +44-207-470-0100 and at its above- Agent are: mentioned offices.

Details of the determination of the Net Asset Value per Share are set out in the paragraph entitled (1) Arrangement for redemption requests and payment "Determination of the Net Asset Value of Shares" to the of redemption proceeds sub-section headed "Additional Information" in Section II of (2) Payments of dividends the Prospectus.

(3) Details/copies of notices to participants Subscription and Redemption Procedures (4) Nature of right represented by the Shares (5) Details of voting rights The attention of investors is drawn to the purchase and (6) Information on NAVs redemption procedures set out in Section II of the (7) Receipt of complaints (complaints about the Prospectus in the sub-sections entitled "How to Purchase operation of the Fund may be submitted to the Shares" and "How to Redeem Shares", in particular with Management Company of the Fund directly or regard to the deadline for receipt of purchase orders or through the Facilities Agent at the above- redemption requests for Shares on a Trade Date.

Orders mentioned address).

II-82AB FCP I Appendix E: SFDR Pre-Contractual Disclosures Economic activity that contributes to Sustainable environmental and/or social objectives Investments provided that such corresponding The following disclosures are made in accordance with and for investments do not significantly harm the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2019/2088, as amended and any of the applicable environmental supplemented from time to time ("SFDR") and are not meant and/or social objectives and that the to provide exhaustive information on the suitability of a investee issuers follow good Portfolio for a prospective investor’s investment needs.

governance practices.

For more information on the Management Company’s Sustainability-Related Disclosures, please refer to the Sustainability ESG events or conditions that, if it Management Company website.

Risks occurred, could cause an actual or a potential material negative impact on Any reference to "AB" herein refers to the Investment the value of an investment.

Manager, the Management Company, and/or another ABLP Sustainability risks may have an impact subsidiary providing directly or indirectly investment on long-term risk adjusted returns for management services to the Portfolios, as the case may be.

Consequent impacts to the For Portfolios classified as Article 8 or 9 under SFDR, AB has occurrence of sustainability risk can be assessed the impact of Sustainability Risks in connection with many and vary according to a specific their respective investment strategy and considers such risks risk, region or asset class.

Generally, to be relevant as environmental, social or governance event or when a sustainability risk occurs for an conditions that, if to occur, would cause an actual or a potential asset, there will be a negative impact material negative impact on the value of their investments.

The and potentially a loss of its value and likely impacts of Sustainability Risks will differ between therefore an impact on the net asset investment objectives, strategies, and policies but, given the value of the concerned Portfolio.

respective investment universe, AB believes that an environmental, social, or governance event is likely to have EU Taxonomy Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the materially negative impacts on, inter alia, the value, quality, Regulation European Parliament and of the Council and/or stability of a security, the financial health of an investee of 18 June 2020 on the establishment of issuer, the credit quality of an issuer, and/or the ability of an a framework to facilitate sustainable issuer of debt to pay coupons or meet their other obligations.

Key definitions AB AB Global Stewardship Statement: Stewardship AB’s policy on responsible investing, Approach ESG integration, engagement and collaboration which can be found here as well as a summary provided below.

ESG Environmental, social and/or governance ESG Factors ESG issues that may present risks or opportunities as well as Sustainability Risks.

Exclusion A Portfolio’s separate Exclusion Policy Policy which includes both exclusions based on various metrics as well as details on alignment criteria with respect to the Portfolio’s investment strategy.

The general purpose of the Exclusion Policy is to identify the Portfolio’s investible universe from which sustainable investments will be selected.

II-83AB FCP I AB’s Strategies That Integrate Sustainability Risks Into performance of an AB Product.

The AB Stewardship Their Investment Decisions — Article 6 (Neutral) Approach outlines the various ESG considerations, including Portfolios sustainability risks (defined as those ESG events or conditions that, if they occur, could cause an actual or a potential material Portfolio in scope: negative impact on the value of an investment) (herein, "ESG Factors" ).

AB has analyzed and systematically integrated • Emerging Markets Debt Portfolio these ESG Factors into all steps of its investment process which AB believes leads to improved investment decisions, The above Neutral Portfolio does not have an objective of enhanced financial outcomes, progress to AB’s commitment sustainable investments and does not promote environmental to responsible investment and global advancement towards and/or social characteristics, but integrates Sustainability ESG objectives.

Risks as part of the investment decision making process.

When AB became a "Principles for Responsible Investment AB has assessed the impact of Sustainability Risks in signatory" in November 2011, AB formalized the integration of connection with this Neutral Portfolio’s investment strategy ESG Factors into AB’s investment processes for most actively- and considers such risks to be relevant as an environmental, managed strategies, with the exception of certain strategies, social or governance event or conditions that, if to occur, could where the integration of ESG Factors is either not relevant to have material negative impact on the value of the investments the strategy or would possibly prevent AB from achieving the of the Neutral Portfolio.

The likely impacts of Sustainability specific AB Product’s investment objective (i.e.

Neutral Risks will differ between investment objectives, strategies, and products).

For certain AB Products, language regarding the policies but, given the respective investment universe, AB integration of ESG Factors was included in the applicable believes an environmental, social, or governance event would offering document.

have some negative impacts on the value, quality, and/or stability of a security, the financial health of a investee issuer, AB created a management infrastructure for responsible the credit quality of an issuer, and the ability of an issuer of investment leadership that today drives AB’s firm’s strategy debt to pay coupons or meet their other obligations.

and commitment to these issues firmwide.

AB’s Global Stewardship Statement and Annual Stewardship Report detail Additionally, when implementing the respective investment AB’s activities.

Please see strategy, while AB may use the AB Stewardship Approach, it https://www.alliancebernstein.com/corporate- does not do so robustly and therefore may not integrate ESG responsibility/responsible-investing.htm for more information.

considerations or Sustainability Risks into all its investment decisions.

When implementing an investment strategy that integrates ESG Factors, AB takes into account the desired level of risk Accordingly, AB may not consider the negative impacts of and return of the strategy and the financial or economic impact investment decisions on sustainability factors, as taking into of ESG Factors in the risk and return assessment.

Analyzing account such risks and impacts would affect or possibly and assessing issuers through the lens of long-term value prevent AB from achieving the specific investment objective.

creation often allows AB to achieve strong financial outcomes For the sake of clarity, AB does not consider the principal while reducing risks through a more thorough analysis of all the factors, including ESG Factors, that will impact a security adverse impacts of its investment decisions on sustainability throughout the course of the investment horizon and beyond.

factors for the above-mentioned reason.

While this Neutral Portfolio does not consider the impacts of As further discussed below, when integrating ESG Factors and making investment decisions, AB will also consider the investment decisions sustainability factors, this Neutral principal adverse impacts of investment decisions on those Portfolio complies with AB’s commitment to environmental ESG Factors.

These impacts are documented as part of the stewardship and responsible investing which includes, inter AB Stewardship Approach.

alia, screening out of certain types of investments.

As this Neutral Portfolio does not have an objective in II.

Integration of Sustainability Risks Sustainable Investments, the investments underlying these AB integrates ESG Factors as part of its investment decision financial products do not take into account the EU criteria for process through six steps: Equip, Identify, Engage, environmentally sustainable economic activities.

Accordingly, Document, Incorporate and Integrate.

the obligations under the EU Taxonomy Regulation are Depending on the AB Product, the degree and focus of inapplicable.

integration may differ but the goal will be the same of seeking to achieve the investment objective where the relevant AB investment teams utilize AB’s ESG-experts and responsible AB Stewardship Approach investing professionals ("Responsible Investing Team") to integrate ESG at every step of its research process.

Introduction AB has long recognized that ESG considerations present both potential risks and opportunities that can impact the II-85AB FCP I • Extensive training programs.

In addition to AB’s Climate Change Curriculum, AB offers AB’s investment teams ongoing ESG training.

This includes peer-to-peer learning for CIOs and portfolio managers, during which a select group of managers present how ESG is integrated in their specific strategies.

AB has also systematized training on external data, systems and tools and educational sessions across a suite of topics ranging from modern slavery, corporate governance, sector-specific themes, and how to integrate ESG in portfolio decision making.

AB has broad participation in the development of intellectual property, frameworks, tools and systems.

In addition to the Responsible Investing Team, approximately 100 additional AB personnel participate in one or more ESG working teams.

(1) Equip (2) Identify The process starts with equipping AB’s investment teams with frameworks, tools and training to enable them to adequately AB investment teams begin the ESG integration process by understand, research and integrate material ESG Factors.

identifying and assessing material ESG Factors with respect This includes: to the relevant investment strategy.

Materiality of ESG Factors differs by sector, industry and geographical location.

To augment third-party data and tool sets, AB has developed proprietary research and Working with over 120 AB analysts within AB’s investment collaboration tools to strengthen ESG and climate teams across asset classes, AB developed a proprietary research and systematize integration across the firm– materiality matrix that covers more than 40 ESG Factors and including AB’s ESIGHT platform for research and spans almost 70 subsectors.

AB can apply the matrix as collaboration and PRISM for credit ratings and scoring.

AB appropriate, giving AB’s investment teams valuable has also created an Alternative Data Dashboard that perspective on the impact of ESG Factors and therefore AB’s combines the industry-specific knowledge of AB’s long-term financial forecast for a target issuer.

In AB’s view, a fundamental analysts with the capabilities of AB’s Data consistent framework for identifying adverse sustainability Science Team to create better insights from alternative impacts helps AB’s investment teams make better-informed data and AB research.

investment decisions and ultimately enables AB to deliver • Third-party data and toolsets.

All AB’s investment teams better investment outcomes.

These ESG Factors currently have access to a range of data services that enable them include: to gain a broad understanding of the ESG characteristics of, inter alia, an issuer or a sector.

These include but are Environmental Factors not limited to ESG data from Bloomberg and FactSet, MSCI ESG Ratings, Carbon Delta and MSCI Carbon • Carbon Emissions Emissions data, Sustainalytics Risk Ratings, Global • Product Carbon Footprint Norms and Controversies analysis, ISS-Ethix • Climate Change Vulnerability Controversial Weapons Analysis, and ISS and Glass- • Water Management Lewis corporate governance and proxy research.

The • Resource Management Responsible Investing Team continually evaluates its • Biodiversity & Land Use current and new providers to ensure AB is providing AB’s • Toxic Emissions & Hazardous Waste investment teams with the best possible data and • COVID-19 and the Environment information.

• Packaging Waste • Strategic partnerships with world-class institutions.

AB • Electronic Waste has collaborated on climate change with the Earth Institute • Supply Chain – Environmental at Columbia University.

Phase One of the collaboration • Opportunities in Clean Tech involved the joint development of a Climate Science and • Opportunities in Green Buildings Portfolio Risk curriculum that addresses the science, • Opportunities in Renewable Energy regulatory, legal and public policy aspects of climate change as well as how to integrate climate change into company and issuer financial analysis.

Phase Two will Social Factors involve joint research with the scientists on an array of climate-change topics.

• Labor Management • Human Capital Development II-86AB FCP I • Employee Health & Safety and collaborative engagements.

AB will engage on topics and • Product Safety & Quality goals other than ESG Factors as part of its engagement policy.

• COVID-19 & Social Issues • Financial Product Safety Engaging on ESG issues is a key part of AB’s research and • Privacy & Data Security stewardship processes as part of AB’s commitment to be a • Supply Chain – Social leader in responsible investing.

• Responsible Investment • Insuring Health & Demographic Risk Engagement helps AB to better understand issuers, protect • Opportunities in Communications AB Products’ interests as shareholders and bondholders of • Opportunities in Financial Inclusion such issuers, and encourages issuers to deploy strategies that • Opportunities in Healthcare may, inter alia, provide progress toward ESG goals.

• Opportunities in Nutrition & Healthier Products Engagement allows AB to encourage issuers to take actions • Opportunities in Education that AB believes will improve financial outcomes of the issuers and/or AB Products.

AB’ investment teams engage directly with issuers, often Governance Factors collaborating with the Responsible Investing team.

In AB’s view, a hands-on engagement approach is the path to better Board research, better outcomes and better service to AB Products.

• Board Independence • Board Gender Diversity AB’s Engagement Policy, found at: • Combined CEO & Chair https://www.alliancebernstein.com/content/dam/corporate/cor • Entrenched Board porate-pdfs/ABGlobalStewardship.pdf, describes in more detail AB’s engagement with issuers.

AB’s Engagement Policy Oversight and Risk Management also outlines AB collaboration in industry engagement and • Accounting AB’s identification and resolution of potential conflicts of • Anti-Competitive Practices interest when engaging with issuers.

AB’s engagement policy • Business Ethics includes, inter alia, how AB exercises voting rights and other • Corruptions and Instability rights attached to shares, cooperates with other shareholders, • Financial System Instability communicates with relevant stakeholders of the investee • Organizational Culture issuers and manages actual and potential conflicts of interests • Pay in relation to their engagement.

• Sanctions • COVID-19 & Governance (4) Document and (5) Incorporate Shareholder Access Rights ESIGHT, a proprietary research and collaboration platform, • One Share, One Vote integrates AB’s ESG issuer assessments, proxy-voting history, • Proxy Access engagements and third-party research from MSCI and • Right to Call Special Meetings Sustainalytics.

ESIGHT is also a knowledge center that houses ESG information, including thematic sell-side research reports, academic studies, non-government entity reports, AB also adheres to internationally recognized standards for specialist sustainability and climate-change think-tank papers, due diligence and reporting, such as the UN Global Compact, and AB’s own proprietary ESG ratings.

to help guide AB’s research.

All issuers deemed to be in breach of these global norms are flagged for in-depth research With ESIGHT, AB’s corporate bond and equity investment on their suitability for inclusion in an AB Product.

This in-depth teams can access and share information during all steps of the analysis will assess the reason for an issuer’s breach and investment process about issuers’ ESG practices.

When AB whether the issuer could still be suitable, taking into account investment teams conduct research or prepare for an the investment strategy of the relevant AB Product.

engagement, they can explore previous interactions, querying ESG Factors and corresponding impacts may not be by issuer, AB investment team, or ESG topic and theme.

applicable to all types of instruments or investments.

ESIGHT also enhances portfolio management and reporting: AB professionals can assess ESG topics by company or (3) Engage issuer, industry, or portfolio and share engagement statistics, examples and outcomes with clients.

AB’s investment teams also engage with issuers on these ESG Factors.

ESG Engagement has always been a vital part of PRISM, a proprietary credit rating and scoring system AB’s investment process.

Each year, AB’s investment teams integrates fixed-income ESG research into a fully digitalized engage with the leaders of public and private issuers and non- data and security analysis platform.

With PRISM, analysts can corporate entities, including municipalities, supranational and develop and share views on individual issuers in a consistent, sovereign issuers.

In 2020, AB logged over 15,000 meetings, comparable and quantifiable way across industries, ratings including issuer-specific engagements and strategic thematic categories and geographies.

Analysts also have access to MSCI scores through the system.

Analysts evaluate each II-87AB FCP I issuer on multiple dimensions, using research and and toolsets, manages AB’s strategic ESG partnerships, engagement insights to assign specific ESG scores, which are develops training programs and executes proxy votes.

used in credit scoring.

PRISM scoring will weigh ESG Factors • AB’s Corporate Responsibility Team develops AB’s differently depending on the industry being analysed and are approach to responsibility.

The team is responsible for based on what AB analysts view as the most important ESG designing and delivering AB’s purpose and values, diversity Factors for the company or issuer.

Any fixed income portfolio and inclusion (D&I), sustainability, and corporate philanthropy manager or analyst can access PRISM’s ESG scores at all activities.

times during the investment process.

• AB’s investment teams engage with issuers, analyze and quantify ESG Factors, and incorporate these inputs in their (6) Integrate investment decisions.

AB’s investment teams integrate ESG Factors into the investment decision-making process, leading to better informed investment decision.

Analysts within AB’s investment teams are responsible for considering ESG Factors at the beginning of the investment decision process by identifying them, researching them, engaging with issuers, and incorporating the ESG Factors into the AB Products investment models and frameworks, as applicable.

An AB analyst’s recommendation and evaluation of the ESG Factors may impact investment decisions in multiple ways, not just whether or not to buy a security.

For example, the impact of ESG Factors on cash flows, credit ratings or discount rates may have an influence on the investment decision and position sizing.

After considering ESG Factors, including any applicable scoring, depending on the investment objective and upon the type of AB Product (i.e.

Dark Green vs. Light Green v. Neutral), AB may still purchase the security and/or retain it as a holding.

In addition to the Responsibility Steering Committee, AB III.

Structure and Governance to Support ESG maintains three other committees that are crucial to the Sustainability Integration oversight Responsibility, Responsible Investing and Stewardship: To oversee AB’s ESG and sustainability activities, including • Proxy Voting and Governance Committee.

This the AB Stewardship Approach, AB created a structure that committee consists of senior representatives from AB’s equity reflects AB’s commitment to responsibility at all levels of AB’s and fixed income investment teams, responsible investing organization.

team, operations, and legal and compliance department.

This committee establishes AB’s proxy voting policy, oversees AB’s Board of Directors and CEO established the position of proxy voting activities, and provides formal oversight of the Chief Responsibility Officer (CRO) in 2020.

This position has proxy voting process, maintains and updates AB’s firm's proxy direct supervisory control over AB’s corporate responsibility policies and procedures to ensure it captures AB’s latest and responsible investing efforts.

The CRO is also a member thinking, formulates AB's position on new proposals, and of AB’s Operating Committee.

AB’s CRO oversees AB’s consults on votes not covered by AB’s formal Proxy Voting and Responsibility Strategic Business Unit (SBU), which include Governance policy.

the Responsible Investing Team and the Corporate • Controversial Investments Advisory Council.

This Responsibility Team.

AB’s responsible investing strategy is council consists of senior representatives from across AB.

It also supported by other AB investment teams: is co-chaired by AB’s CEO and CRO.

The purpose of the council is to provide a forum for discussion and debate on • The Audit and Risk committee of AB’s Board of issues such as controversial weapons, tobacco, or Directors provides formal oversight for Responsibility and international norms.

The council discussion will not only inform Responsible Investing.

specific investment decisions but help to establish AB policy in • The Responsibility Steering Committee, co-chaired these areas.

by AB’s CRO, develops strategy and oversees execution.

This • Diversity Champions Council (DCC).

The mission of Committee is composed of senior professionals from across the DCC is to ensure that D&I remain at the center of AB’s AB.

The members of the DCC, • AB’s Responsible Investing team of subject-matter champion and role model D&I by increasing accountability experts partners with AB’s investment teams in this effort.

In within SBUs for hiring, promoting and retaining diverse talent.

conjunction with AB’s various ESG working groups, the DCC members are charged with helping to monitor and review Responsible Investing team develops proprietary frameworks II-88AB FCP I SBU specific D&I goals and share best practices across the firm.

II-89AB FCP I Directory Management Company Transfer Agent AllianceBernstein (Luxembourg) S.à r.l.

Auditor 501 Commerce Street Ernst & Young S.A. Nashville, TN 37203 35E, avenue John F. Kennedy U.S.A. L-1855 Luxembourg Distributor Legal Advisers in Luxembourg AllianceBernstein Investments Elvinger Hoss Prussen, société anonyme a unit of the Management Company 2, Place Winston Churchill 2-4, rue Eugène Ruppert B.P.

425 L-2453 Luxembourg L-2014 Luxembourg Depositary and Administrator Legal Advisers in the United States of America Brown Brothers Harriman (Luxembourg) S.C.A.

Dechert LLP 80, route d’Esch One International Place L-1470 Luxembourg 40th Floor 100 Oliver Street Boston, MA 02110-2605 U.S.A. Website www.alliancebernstein.com

